Two words: Curry Crab!I go to Saigon Star every once in awhile, but this was my first time having their House Specialty Curry Crab, and it was absolutely amazing! I could not stop slathering that delectable curry on everything else I was eating... whether it was spring rolls or fried rice. The baguette is heavenly and soaks up all that golden delicious goodness.Everything else was also very good. The honey grilled pork neck meat had that luscious fattiness that really satisfies. The Vietnamese spring rolls here are also very good, and I always get them to share.The Vietnamese coffee is also very good, but it takes forever to drip! So make sure you order it early in the meal (and not at the end, like we did, which meant we were sitting there gazing at every drop).All in all, a great place to dine with a large group! I'll be back for the curry crab.
I think Dragon Boat Fusion Cuisine has one of the longest waits I've ever experienced for dimsum in the GTA. People are just crazy for this place! Please be warned that even with a reservation, you should still expect to wait. I would advise to come before 11 am (with a reservation, of course!) to avoid the crowd.If you can brave the wait, the dim sum here is quite good. In particular, they have very good bbq pork (char siu) so I'd definitely recommend ordering that. The menu is expansive and has pretty good variety. I do enjoy the food here overall, but the long waits deter me from coming on a regular basis.
I'm starting to lose faith in chain restaurants, as most of them usually just churn out boring, generic and commercial-tasting food. Despite this, I always feel compelled to give them a chance, and sometimes I am pleasantly surprised. Il Fornello, however, falls into the category of chain restaurants that disappoint me.For appetizer, our group shared a calamari fritti: Sardinian spiced deep fried calamari with lemon aioli. The calamari was really mediocre, and the sauce was just bland.I sampled the pasta special of the day: Porcini mushroom filled ravioli with roasted red pepper with cream sauce. It was basically commercial ravioli slathered with a mount of heavy cream sauce. I was not impressed.I usually love Lasagna, but I really felt that Stouffers microwavable lasagna taste a lot better than this one. The sauce tasted like canned tomato purée that I can get at any supermarket. It was also missing that browned cheesy crust on top that I love. Needless to say, I will not be returning to Il Fornello. A lot of other chain restaurants offer much better "fake" Italian food.
Restoran Malaysia is my go-to place for reliable and always delicious Southeast Asian food. Their version of Pad Thai is my absolute favourite! I just can't get enough of it! In addition, their curry roti and Singaporean Chicken rice are consistently excellent. This place doesn't take reservations, so go early to avoid a wait!l
I've been to Chi Star House several times and the most frustrating thing is the wait and seating arrangements. It's not unusual for Chinese restaurants to give preferential seating to frequent customers, but this place takes it to a whole new level. Every time I come, I could feel my blood pressure going up. I want to write about 2 specific experiences. The first time, I arrived around 7 pm for a party of 3 and we're told that the wait was about 30 min. In the end we waited for more than 1 hr +, not because turnover was slow, but because they kept combining small tables every time they became available to accommodate bigger groups. This is because they generate more revenue per person from bigger groups. After they did that for about the 5th time, I was quite livid and yelled at the general manager, after which we were seated fairly quickly.The second time, we arrived around 7:30 pm with a party of 3. Not sure if the general manager recognized me from our last encounter, but he repeatedly reassured us that our wait should only be 10-20 min. Of course, that was not the case. At one point, his in-laws scooped in and took a table by jumping the line, and he had to profusely apologize for the extra wait. Everyone waiting is so riled up because they do such a poor job managing expectations of wait times. I give this place a 2 star because the food is pretty good at a reasonable price. However, I would highly recommend coming really early (before 6 pm) or late (after 9 pm) to avoid this waiting/seating fiasco. Also, if they give you a wait time estimate, be mindful that it will likely take twice or three times as long.
Alice Fazooli's changed up their menu recently, so I received a promotional email for a free appetizer. Luckily, I managed to drag my family here to try the new menu before the promotion expired.After studying the menu for a very long time, I opted for the ravioli fritti as our free appetizer: deep-fried ricotta and spinach ravioli, dusted with cornmeal and herbed breadcrumbs, spicy tomato sauce. This was an excellent starter for sharing and I don't regret my choice one bit.Next, we ordered a Bruschetta to share: Roma tomatoes, roasted garlic, grana padano, e.v.o.o., balsamic, grilled crostini. From the pasta section, I chose something new on the menu: Rigatone Salsiccia, featuring ragu with Niagara Berkshire pork sausage, spinach, roasted cherry tomatoes. I loved this! Generally, pasta can be really heavy because of all the sauce, but the non-saucy pasta are often overly dry. This wasn't the case here because the sausage and the vegetables retained a lot of moisture, and the pasta was cooked al dente.The steak sandwich was rather mediocre. Although the combination of   sautéed mushrooms, onions, and provolone sounded delicious on paper, the execution didn't impress. The steak was rather tough. I enjoyed my grilled chicken panini last time a lot more.As a cheesecake fanatic, I couldn't resist ordering the mascarpone cheesecake for dessert. The cake was pretty big- perfect for sharing, and very creamy and delicious.Oh yes, and the tapes teaching you Italian in the washroom are pretty amusing.
Love the cheap wonton noodles here! Service is quick and efficient (but still relatively friendly), so it's the perfect for a quick lunch! I also tried the mixed noodles (w/ oyster sauce) and that was also really delicious. Portion size was just right for me.
Ocean Seafood Restaurant is one of those places that I go so much but I always forget to write a review. Their biggest draw is definitely the amazing prices. I always marvel at how cheap my bill turn out to be- it is cheaper than getting a meal at Tim Horton's! For breakfast/lunch, I enjoy their egg and spam sandwich, which comes with a lot of egg and spam. However, the drinks are pretty disappointing- everything seemed watered down.For dinner, I always appreciate the complimentary Chinese soup to start. And if you order take out, they give you soup and rice for free if you order 2 dishes or more. It's perhaps not the greatest place for Cantonese style food in the city, but the value is awesome!
I recently returned to Inatei again for lunch, this time with my mom. We wanted to order one of their lunch bento boxes, but none of the combinations appealed to us. Luckily,the restaurant allowed substitutions with an additional charge, so my mom and I spent a good 15 minutes figuring out how to configurate our bento box to minimize our cost. I got their spicy salmon roll again, since I liked it a lot last time. There were ample salmon in each roll, which I was pleased about.The lunch set came with the usual miso soup and green salad. In particular, the green salad was really tiny.  Our modified bento included tonkatsu, sushi, assorted tempura and half an orange. The bento box was actually quite small compared to other Japanese restaurant offerings, but my mom and I didn't mind since we have small appetites. Originally, this bento box came with salmon teriyaki rather than tonkatsu, but we made the substitution for $1. Everything about this bento was so dainty and neat- even the tampura yam was cut into a neat square. For the price, I would expect the portion to be slightly bigger. Our lunch set also came with a scoop of ice cream. I opted for taro flavour, as this was my childhood favourite ice cream flavour and I've never had a decent version in Canada. To my delight, it was really, really good, and tasted just like the one I had in Asia when I was little! I think I just found a new incentive to come back to Inatei for, despite the steeper prices and small portions!
I came to Yang's Chinese Cuisine for dim sum twice in the last month, after my go-to dim sum restaurant in Richmond Hill, Ambassador Chinese Cuisine, abruptly closed down in September after 18 years in business (my heart broke a little). And onto the food!Baked BBQ pork puffs with pineapple (L)- this was delicious, a perfect combination of savoury and sweet. In addition, the pastry was really nice and flaky.  Deep fried minced pork and taro puffs (S)- also a pretty good version that wasn't overly greasy. Crystal jumbo shrimp har gow (L)- one of the only misses. The shrimps were plump and juicy, but the dumpling skin was too thick and effectively ruined the delicacy of the har gow.  Fried rice noodle roll with XO sauce (XL)- I have to say, this was not the best version I've had. In fact, the Ambassador's version was a lot tastier. But for those with a heartier appetite, it would still be a very good choice to fill you up. One stand out was definitely the steamed soft egg custard buns (L). I find that this dish is usually either a hit or miss, and here it was executed very well. The bun to filling ratio was just right (usually there's too much bun), and the runny golden custard center was absolutely heavenly. Steamed rice noodle roll with jumbo shrimp and yellow chives (L). Again, the shrimp was excellent, but the yellow chives were nowhere to be seen (or perhaps I was just unlucky). Nevertheless, this was generally well done. Steamed BBQ pork bun with abalone sauce (S). As with the baked BBQ pork puff, the filling here was excellent, and the bun was delightfully fluffy. The avocado and shrimp roll (L) didn't look overly fancy, but it was actually very tasty. I didn't detect a lot of avocado, but I liked the roll a lot nevertheless.Baked cashew and pumpkin puffs (M). The puffs adorably resembled tiny pumpkins, complete with a cashew stem. But flavour-wise, I wished the pumpkin was more intense.Steamed mango custard layer cake (M). Aside from my affinity for custard, I really loved the lightness of the cake. The mango was a nice addition that didn't overwhelm the custard flavours. On the whole, the dim sum here is well-executed and tasty, albeit quite pricey (tea is $1.20 per person, S- $3.10, M- $4.20, L- $5.20, and XL- $7.80). That said, I enjoyed the food a lot so I will likely come back for more dim sum. And on top of that, no crazy wait time here! What more can I ask for?
I woke up ridiculously early one day to try out a new dim sum restaurant in Richmond Hill. It turns out that this place has the same owner as Crown Prince Fine Dining & Banquet, one of my favourite spots for early bird dim sum. Incidentally, half of the menu was absolutely identical to Crown Prince, down to the very wording. Their early bird special is also similar: $2.90 fixed price for any S, M or L dishes.Now onto the food!Angus beef and mushroom stuffed tart: tasted like a Chinese version of chicken pot pie. I didn't enjoy the tart because I didn't get that rich, meaty flavour that I was expecting from the filling. There was also too much pastry. Pan fried meat buns: why is the bun green? Despite my affinity for green food, this just looked like food colouring and didn't appeal to me at all. The filling was unremarkable as well.Sticky rice with meat and conpoy: looked identical to the ones from Crown Prince. They were served in three individually wrapped morsels, which made it easy to pack home. Luckily, this was a pretty satisfying follow-up to the first two disappointing dishes. Pan fried pancake with seafood and chives: the texture should be slightly springy from the glutinous rice flour, and this was just mushy. The chives, while visible, were nonexistent in terms of flavour. Rice noodle stuffed with spring roll was another dish straight from Crown Prince's menu. While it still tasted pretty good, I would prefer the noodle roll to be presented in rows, like the way it is at Crown Prince. Maybe I'm just being too picky. Steamed shrimp dumplings (har gow): these were actually pretty good. The dumpling was large and filled with sweet, juicy shrimps. Sweet egg yolk paste layer cake: my favourite dessert from Crown Prince, so I was excited that they also serve it here. While the flavours were still delicious, this version was executed less successfully in terms of texture. The layers were somewhat blended into a mushy mess. Sweet yam and coconut tart: loved the combination of sweet potato and coconut! Although it seemed as if the coconut was just a garnish, it was actually incorporated into the filling as well. I could definitely taste both the yam and the coconut. I prefer my tarts with more filling and less pastry, so the thin tart shell was perfect for me.I don't think I will be coming back to this place for dim sum on my own accord. I prefer both the food and the décor of Crown Prince. The only standout item was the sweet yam and coconut tart. Everything else was unimpressive for the price, and I'd be much happier sticking to Crown Prince.
Went to Bayview Kitchen for a quick dinner. I've always been curious about this place because it's always packed when I pass by it on my way to eat at Restoran Malaysia. They must be doing something right.I ordered a club sandwich, a double decker sandwich with lettuce, tomato, ham, egg, and chicken salad. Although you can't really go wrong with a club sandwich, this one pales compared to other ones that I've eaten at other hk-style cafes. The flavours were rather bland.My boyfriend ordered a satay beef fried noodle. We couldn't taste any satay at all. The whole dish just looked like it was slapped together without much care. I know I shouldn't complain for such cheap prices, but I've had much better food with the same price point at other Chinese cafes. So my questino is, why is this place so popular? Maybe it's due to the lack of choices around this area, but I wouldn't go back for dinner.
It's so fricken busy here you have to expect  you have to wait. But it goes to show you how popular this place is.This is "the place" for wings. Selection galore, and done perfectly and consistently. You know one thing I find weird is that I see children here. The layout is a bar with scantily dressed waitress'. Who brings their kids here? Parents thinking with their stomach's instead of their brains.
It's a good cafe with free wifi and cozy place to meetup and hangout. The food is okay, but don't be expecting Michel's Baguette Bakery quality. There is one item in the menu that isn't found in many places, the sourdough bread bowls. Mmmm good!  Brocolli and Cheddar. :)
I met up with a friend at lunch today we decided to have us some burgers. She ordered a 1/4 pound combo I decided on the Joe's Hamburger (probably a 1/2 pound) :)After putting on the fixings it quite a towering sight!  The toppings were standard affair (tomato, lettuce, pickle) except for the grilled onions. Moment of truth:I polished off my burger in less than 5min. The sesame bun managed to stay together halfway through but my mayo, ketchup, relish, burger juices was a tad bit overwhelming and caused the bun to explode. The patty itself was grilled well.   The fries were made in house - fresh potatoes cut into flat rectangular shape with the skin on them not very crisp but they are good, the onion rings were also house made had that distinct home made flavour of batter. (the ones I've made at home taste the same)I like the place, the burgers, fries and onion rings were great. We saw some diners having souvlaki that looked very appetizing too. Something I'll keep in mind for next time I visit Joe's.
Abruzzo Pizza has been around for as long as I remembera popular choice in the area. I see the delivery car around town all the time. my review is based on the panzorotto/panzorotti/calzone, if you don't what it is. it's a probably the best food invention of the 19th centuryit's essentially a stuffed pizza pocket folded in half stuffed with mozzarella cheese and ingredients you'd top a pizza. it's and fried or baked. ( fried tastes a lot better btw) it's a meal you'd eat with a fork and knife. the Abruzzo tomato sauce is exceptional and is made from crushed field tomatoes. I'd recommend having it on the side for dipping.  one of the best panzos i've had.
Turtle Jacks is one of my favorite restaurants for Canadiana cuisine. I've been to Vaughan and Brampton locations however this Markham location takes the cake!!Its interior is well appointed and upscale looking. Dark woods and frosted birch tree glass accents adorn the space. There's a good mix of seating from tables to booths. Its design is modern and the menu is extensive and creative I'd describe it as a mix of Keg/Kelsey/Jack Astors. Turtle Jacks menu offers the familiar with their twist on things; you got your ribs, wings, burgers, and sandwiches. We were there at lunch and ordered the grilled cheese pot roast sandwich w/coleslaw. And the wing sandwich with lobster mashed potatoes on the side. These were both delicious.To cap the meal we ordered the fried cheese cake to share. Cheesecake has a light fried torte crust surrounding it. It was my first visit here but certainly not my last. Recommend!
5 stars because the location of Jack Astor's does make a differenceA chain, the food tastes should be consistant, you can use the same ingredients but if one prepares it sloppy, it will be just that sloppy food.I've gone here several times this Fall Oct - Nov 2010 the food has been prepared well and tasted great. Bar drinks good as well. Jask Astor's is a good chain, a good variety of selections and a changing menu keeps it interesting.
Ok I decided to cut sugar from my diet just recently and along comes this new place to the 'Hill to spoil things..Dayyaam!  Yogurt is good for you right?  Probiotics.. sure :)  well I was curious so the no sugar diet was put on hold temporarily.. heheEntering the shop, first impression is that it's spacious with a purple and white theme. the ceiling are very high about 25 feet making a very airy feel.The shop is logically laid outIf you hadn't been here before this is how you go about your business.1. You start at the back with the frozen yogurt dispensing machines and fill up your cup to your hearts content. 2. slide over and work your way to the toppings bar.3.  then finally cash out on the scales. yeah the price of your yougurty order is based on overall * weight * of your order (yougurt +toppings) reason for the scales.Our sinful red velvet+white chocolate+brownie concoction scaled in at $7. as mentioned the price varyies depending on the weight of your order. Some stand out items of this place:Offers unique and great tasting frozen yogurt flavours - like the Red Velvet cake. cool! A1 quality toppings - ingredients that ranged from fresh fruits, nuts and details like the Ghirardelli chocolate syrup. yumWorking the metal levers of the dispensing machine - it gives me a a satisfying feeling, this might be a man thing though.. :pLCD monitor where you can Tweet to and view your tweets live - this is geeky and high tech I know, but cool nonetheless. Different types of seating. Bar type, outdoor and indoor seating. Ah Yogurty's.. you broke my diet but this time I forgive you. :)
Ok when I first stepped inside. My first instinct was to grab an umbrella. lolThe waterfall in the front entrance wayyy too loud -- it's intrusive to the dining experience. It was as if there's a rainstorm happening. I looked around the place and there was practically no one in the restaurant at the time about 2pm. So it is the waterfall causing a higher than normal ambient noise. And is probably the reason why Darren S commented about this place being so loud. People have to raise their voices to talk over this thing.Anyways I got seated and proceeded to peruse the menu.I decided and ordered a dish and a drink. "Mussa-mun" Curry Beef BrisketBeef brisket simmered in Thai curry paste with potatoes, peanuts and onionsCoconut Milk ShakeAnd 1 steamed rice as my beef brisket didn't come with rice.Here my take;the Mussa-mun was indeed a thick, rich , and warm red Thai curry paste, but it's an extremely salty dish with a wickedness of fish sauce that requires a serious liberal tongue brushing afterwards. What it needs imho is some serious dilution.The peanuts and perhaps the potatoes were roasted before simmering in the pot.  Nice touch and they tasted good.The one saving item I ordered was the Coconut Milk Shake drink. It provided a nice cooling alternative to the rich salty curry.  I would come back here just for the drink.So being here once and based on what I ordered.. It was okay.Later when I got home to finish writing this review I browsed their website and noticed that there is a lunch menu!?!  Thanks a lot for not presenting it. I wish they would have been more forthright with it.. Now I think they were just being greedy and gave me the dinner menu to order from. Hmm..
This place is starting to go downhill. Their building maintenance sucks, how long did it take to fix that front entrance. Months?Sat in a room at the far end one time, dead flies all on the ceiling cloth. The sofas, I don't know if they have ever been cleaned. Lots of drink stains. This place need a bottom to top refresh.Tea is the same (it's a powder drink) so that's consistant, food is pretty much the same, the crepes vary depending on who's working.  Still an okay hangout but hopefully they get better.
Wacked business hours 7PM -12AM But it really doesn't matter to them because the people who know, 'know this place is the shiz!!'They don't even bother to setup the tables and chairs for dining in here because they are too busy handling the orders and preparing the stuff.  It was take out only when I went Thursday evening.I asked for a Durian pancake and tonight she said, it would be a 45mins wait time, O-M-G!  I'm not waiting that long for a fricken pancake. So I went for my alternative the HOT  black sesame almond soup with dumplings ( dumplings filled with black sesame) The natural flavours come through, no over sugary taste tainting it. Taste is nothing like frozen or packaged. So if you want to taste how it should be done, come here.This is by far the best tasting Chinese dessert place I've ever been to.P.S. I'm only minus(ed) 1 star because of the Soup Nazi experience. However the goods they deliver are 5/5.
This is a large restaurant in Richmond Hill ( Leslie & Hwy 7 area ) and has been here as far as I remember... This place can easily accomodate any sized party and play host for any type of function. A very banquet like facility, large expansive dining space, round tables, chandeliers, red carpets, and a raised platform in the centre for a host table. After perusing the menu, we came up with a whopping order of 10 dishes of various categories. Steamed, Steamed Rice, Deep Fried, Steamed Rice Roll, and Sweets. All the items we tried were very good. They were delivered to the table in a timely manner and arrived piping hot. Nothing to note that was out of worldly or bad. Golden Court is a solid choice for dim sum in the area.
went here for dim sum around 1pm which is late because all the cheap pricing deals were to be found before 11am.it was chinese new year week,  we chose it because it had dragon in the name of the restaurant,  it is after all  the year of the dragon. haha a decent selection, good taste, friendly service, it's a solid dim sum choice in the area.random fact,  location used to be an indian restaurant 10 years ago, then turned to an african resto. then now dragon boat fusion.
Inatei is located in a plaza of restaurants a block north of the Leslie and Hwy 7 intersection.  I ordered the Dinner Bento Box B which offers the best value in my honest opinion. Comes with Sirloin Beef, Grilled Black Cod, Assortment Tempura (Vegetable & Shrimp), 3 pcs California Roll, 2 pcs of Red Tuna & 3 pcs Salmon Sashimi $29.99Preparation -  5/5-perfect thickness of cuts and creative arrangements, dark wooden chopsticks, to ceramic dishes teapotsAmbiance - 4/5-jazz music playing in the background, dim lighting, dark furniture, clean, and quiet for a weekday dinner time 5:30pmFood - 4/5What I liked..-Red tuna which was especially fresh! -Sirloin Steak cooked to my liking a medium and flavored well-The black cod was melt in your mouth which flakes so delicately-Salad was good, house-made miso sake dressing-Dessert - blueberry with fresh cream served in a shot glassNot so much..-Miso soup was average, tasted fishy-Tea was luke warm, could be served hotter Service - 5/5two servers in your peripheral vision at all time. available at a moments call. Price - 3.5/5$29.99 is pricey for a bento box, it is a high quality one packed with a great variety . portions are small more of a sampler.Overall: 4 starsTaking this all in account its a 4 star. The food and service is better than average.  If you desire a finer Japanese dining experience consider Inatei as an option.
Came here one day for lunch. It was the 4.99 lunch special sign that got me curious. 4.99 item if you're wondering is Bombay chicken fingers 6 pieces served with fries. Must be for the frugal students at the high school next door. Interior:Beige and orange colour theme. 12 tables inside with glass top and artistic inlays, few tables bench seating. Restaurant is in the corner unit of the plaza with one big bay window providing natural light. There's spot lighting with a recessed ceiling. Wood chairs with beige cushionn beige and orange interior. Bar/Cash is tucked in a dark corner in the front.Food:I ordered Beef Vindaloo 7.99Dish flavourful spicy nice smooth texture filled with tender beef pieces.The Naan (bread) was huge and serves on a platter on it's own it was warm and tasted excellent.I received a good amount and it arrived hot and without too much delay. I'd re-visit.
The $16 sausage pizza was essentially dry dough. Good thing I had the $8 pint of warm beer to wash it down with. It's a shame such a good looking venue serves such mediocre food. What's with the massive pile of arugula on top of the pizza?! The service is inconsistent. I had the waiter try and persuade me to rate him perfect on a survey. With that said, this is still a pretty happening place in Richmond Hill, which isn't saying much. Food 2/5Atmosphere 4/5
Ill Fornello near Yonge and High Tech has stood the test of time in what is generally an unforgiving location for restaurants. It is easy to see why after my most recent visit. The space is very open and contemporary. I think they will be quite capable of hosting a 10+ group so long as they're not busy (not on Friday nights). The ambiance is family-oriented but will not offend any other crowd. They have a big selection of pastas and Neapolitan style thin crust pizzas. I had the Rigatoni Bolognese ($16), which is essentially a hearty meat sauce over al dente pasta. The dish was very rich and filling. The standout item on their menu is the Fig pizza ($16). It is a strangely delightful medley of mascarpone and prosciutto topped with figs and honey. The mildness of the mascarpone serves as the perfect backdrop to the sweet flavours of fig and honey. Similar styles of pizza that I've tried elsewhere normally use goat cheese, which I find to be too strong and overpowering.  The gluten-challenged wil be happy to know that they provide alternatives for both their pizza crusts and pastas. The substitutions do cost an additional $5 for pizza and $2 for pasta. The service is also applause-worthy. The gentleman server/owner (I think) was a prince. He was very attentive and pleasant. We learned later that he had kept us in more than an hour passed their normal closing time. You will not be ill-advised to  go to Il Fornello.
Abruzzo has some of the best Italian sandwiches in the area for under $10. Their veal sandwich is sublime. They are known for their pizzas but I personally don't think they're that special.
Fine cuisine indeed! The dim-sum can hold its own against the very best of Toronto. The service can get a tad sloppy during their busy hours. You have to understand that this place is really meant for larger groups. They sit around large round tables and chat about the good old days while the waiters take their time with bringing in the dishes. In my first visit, I walked in alone thinking that I'll have a quick bite. The waitress was very confused and had to make accommodations with her manager to seat me somewhere.   Also, this is a Chinese Chinese restaurant frequented by the large Chinese community of Bayview Hill. In all my visits, I have never seen person who didn't look Chinese. For that reason, they have certain menus (wine list I think?!) don't contain a single word of English and the wait staff don't speak English very well. I recommend you do some research before walking in. Otherwise, you're in for some confusing and awkward moments.   Food - 8/10Service - 5/10
H-Mart is the Korean IKEA! It has a bizarre layout and it is really fun to explore. I like the mini food court because you can relax and get yourself a hot bowl of Udon after stocking up on novelty Korean merchandise. What I really love about this place is the basement! They sell really interesting merchandise imported from Korea. You can find just about anything from electronics to furniture here.
Tomo, for me, stands out as one of the better upscale sushi restaurants in Richmond Hill. The quality of their sushi is consistently good. The portions are small in contrast to other places but the ingredients they use are of substantially higher quality. Also they cut their fish quite thick and their rolls are pretty large. I like their lunch specials and bento boxes. For example, "Lunch Special A" is $10 and gives you 11 pieces (assorted salmon and tuna) with a soup and salad. The presentation is another thing I like about Tomo's sushi. It's something you miss out on with the AYCEs.
2.5/5They are across the road from Restoran Malaysia, as far as I know, the only other Southeast Asian restaurant around Bayview and Major Mackenzie area. Based on food quality alone, I think Restoran Malaysia would be a no brainier. I can't comment on the authenticity of the food, but I found it to be very mediocre. What really grinds my gears is the attitude of the waitresses. They are like apathetic teenagers forced to do chores.
Their menu has is very long but has lots of helpful pictures to guide you along the way. The staff is super helpful and come around often to collect plates and fill up your drink. Ask them and they'll help. I find it useful to go in with a very large group, and get a bunch of different dishes so you can sample as much as possible. My favourite dish is the Rendang Daging, which is a tender slow-cooked beef stew that falls apart when you look at it! Positives: Well established restaurant in the area with lots of customers, friendly and helpful staff, lots of variety in terms of food, lots of flavour, suspiciously low prices Negatives: The food is extremely rich and filling. I mean the Nasi Goreng, which is a huge dish of fried rice with eggs and shrimp chips must have at least 2000 calories!!!
Dat chicken!!! Moist, juicy and flamed-grilled with just the right amount of heat and flavour. The peri peri rub is smokey, sweet, zesty and possesses the perfect kick. I usually order my food to go and have never bothered sitting down to eat here. However this particular location looks very chic with its cool modern decor. It is also very family-friendly.You can order the chicken as whole (cut up), skewers, wings etc. in various degrees of spiciness. The sides include peri peri fries, which I find a tad too salty. Macho peas, peri peri veggies, corn, coleslaw and spiced rice are also on the menu.The peri peri sauces, which are also sold at the counter, come in extra-hot, hot, or garlic.
I visit this Starbucks solely due to geographic convenience. The seating space is limited. I have come to terms with never being able to enjoy my coffee inside on account of squatters using this place as a library. The staff is quite young but quick on their feet. They do an exceptional job of managing the morning rush.
I've been to his location multiple times, and frankly expected a bit better this time. Made a reservation for 3 at 6:45 pm and was seated promptly. Normally the plaza starts to fill up for parking, but I was lucky to get a spot nearby. Luck of the draw, but we were seated directly beside a company event, so at times it got a bit loud. Ordered the prosciutto mozzarella and the shrimp spaghetti (social size) for everyone to share. The mozzarella was actually a nice mixture, with cheese, bread, prosciutto, salt and jam. I wish the mozzarella became more of the focus of the combination. It was a bit hard to cut and chew, and most of the taste was centred around the jam and prosciutto. At 17.33, it is reasonable, as each person had about two servings of the bread to go along with the other toppings. Good as a shareable. The pasta was a tad disappointing. First impression: it was really small. I expected a social size (their largest) to adequately feed at least two, but it seemed like one person could finish it. At least there was a lot of shrimp and the sauce was a nice thickness. I found it a bit salty but overall the taste was alright. At 38.90 though, it didn't really seem worth it. Maybe we would have been better off ordering a smaller pasta along with a pizza. Service was positive on the most part, always checking on us to see how the food was. It was a bit slow at times, but not a huge concern. We had a card for $15 off $50, so the total cost per person was not sky high, but we left feeling a bit hungry. I have had better experiences previously so maybe I will return if they have the cash card promotion again.
Came here with high expectations after seeing all the good reviews and was not disappointed. Visited on a Monday night around 6:30 pm, and the restaurant was about half-3/4 full for the entire duration of the stay.  They did ask if we made reservations (no) but spacing did not seem to be an issue. The plaza it is located in has plenty of parking in front and at the side, and the location had a cozy feel to it and comfortable seating. Service was very friendly and were always checking on us to make sure food was good and tea was filled. Both me and my friend ordered the Inatei Bento, which pretty much had a bit of everything: soup, salad, cod, steak, tempura, sushi, and sashimi, with dessert as well. The "main dishes" were the highlight for me. The sashimi (red tuna and salmon) was definitely fresh and was not chewy at all. Steak was done right for me (medium rare) went well with the rice. The cod was light and did not flake apart. Dessert was a lychee milk pudding. All in all it is a good variety of items that fit well together. Value wise perhaps lunch is the better choice (have not been but will go back for that now). We were looking for a place to sit down and chat so this atmosphere fit well.
Summer? Perfect time for some hot tofu soup. Visited on a Friday night around 7:30 pm, and it was almost full. Ordered the kimchi tofu soup ( kimchi, beef, pork)  with mild and it came promptly along with the side dishes. Food wise its average, as the toppings are somewhat small. The tofu is good but wish that was more the highlight as opposed to the rice and soup. But value wise this place is great, at 8.85!  Have returned multiple times already and each time has been positive. Good option in the rhill area!
3.5/5Came by on a Saturday, around 12:30. Was about half full, mostly families and smaller groups. The location is a bit quieter so parking is a bit easier compared to the TNT plaza across Weldrick. Service is definitely a plus here in terms of speed, cleanliness and attentiveness. The menu was a bit overwhelming at first as I was trying to look for the usual 101/house special item, which is 42 here. Ordered a large, and for under $10, the portion was sufficiently filling. Broth was not too salty, noodles were good, and a nice mix of beef items. note: debit/cash only
Visited on a Monday around 1pm - it was a public holiday so it was probably more busy than usual. Went with my mom and brother, and dropped them off to get a spot in line while I looked for parking. We live closeby and always find parking to be a bit of a challenge in this plaza. Got lucky and found a spot without any major difficulty. The wait was around 10 mins, and then we were seated promptly (the queue was around 3 groups the entire time). Ordered the Signature Beef Noodle Soup while mom and brother both ordered the combos (Taiwanese Sausage & Minced Pork w rice and Popcorn Chicken bento respectively). The taste was alright, but I wish the portion was bigger as I was still hungry afterwards. The noodles were the thick flat ones, and tasted quite nice. Would have liked the beef to be a bit softer, but the serving of beef was big relative to the overall size of the dish. There were also some pickled vegetables along with the noodles and beef. Had the pudding (and watermelon - nothing special) from the combos as well, and the pudding was nice and light, with a sweet taste at the end from the syrup. Service was fast and attentive, although my noodle dish took much longer to arrive compared to the two rice dishes. Came for the 20% opening special (until August 15th), and that was what made the value alright (beef noodle normally 8.99). Without it, there are just so many options in the area with similar prices to consider.Disclaimer: Have not been to the other locations so not sure how the Papa Chang's experience differs (if anything).
3.5/5 An in and out type of ramen joint for me, as it is nearby and relatively small in size. Visited on a Saturday night around 7 pm. Service is friendly and attentive. Ordered the spicy ramen (level 1 - sorry) just to test my terrible tolerance. It was pretty good, although the broth was a bit on the salty side. It still had the "spicy but tasty" feeling nonetheless.Noodles were nice and a bit chewy, and egg was cooked pretty well. The pork was quite flavorful as well. Will be returning as it is one my locations on my "going out for a meal but not too far out" list. Prices are on the cheaper side, albeit comparable to nearby ramen places.
This is usually my location of choice if I am having sushi withdrawl/am too lazy to venture out. Visited too many times to note but they have all been for the lunch specials. Parking is easy and is easy to find provided you've been to World Bowl (its right across). It is a Korean run spot, and similar to other Korean places I have been too, service is both attentive and friendly. The decor is simple and modern. With the lunch specials, I usually pick either the sashimi combos or the bento boxes. Too many specific orders to remember, but I will say this - everything is nice and fresh. Sashimi is sliced well and is cold, and sushi rolls are HUGE. Definitely getting your $$ worth for the portion sizes. Presentation is nice as well, with everything nicely arranged. Not to mention, the lunch specials come with miso soup, salad, and ice cream as well. Bento boxes are nicely arranged as well with rice, spring rolls, your main, as well as a few pieces of sushi. If you're getting a bento for lunch, would 100% recommend adding $3 to get the tempura, as it has 2 pcs of vegetable and 4 pcs of shrimp. Been here more than a couple times, but these two are what I would get more often than not: LC3 - Sashimi & Spicy Salmon Roll, LC5 - Sashimi & California Roll. Heard good things about the dinner experience and their sushi boats as well, so will definitely return. However I'm not sure if I can ever turn down the lunch specials!!
The name says it all - FRESH! The first few times I went I could only say that about the burgers, but now it's everything! They have recently expanded into two units so there's more fun and more burgers for all. Came on a Saturday just after 11 am (opening). Surprising there were already people there but the was definitely not long. Its a fast casual location, where you order at the front and can sit down or take out as you wish. I always order the double fresh burger and its always nice. Patty is juicy, bun is not soggy, and the other toppings (lettuce, tomato, pickles) mesh well together. Just like krabby patties there must be some secret formula to create such a masterpiece. Fries are good, long pieces that are not overly oily. Drinks are self serve and they've got a wide selection of Coke (*owner edit: AND PEPSI!) related products.  Did I mention free wifi? All in all a nice casual place to enjoy a burger. Prices are comparable to other spots (11.50) for the double fresh burger. Bonus (for me at least) is that its super close and convenient! Just off Leslie and 16th.
Great curry crab, although a little expensive. Good with Roti as well, although I feel like it was better a few years ago. Lunch specials are a good deal and quite filling!
Great good but make sure to make a reservation! The egg yolk lobster is good but very very filling and heavy. Would only offer with large groups where you can share and eat some lighter things as well! The mustard beef is delicious.
Great milk tea! They have awards for it as well! Not for the faint of heart as it is quite strong. food isn't the greatest but the run of the mill breakfast (eggs and toast) is okay! The Beef Satay noodles are also good! (I tried the other soup noodles and were disappointed) but the milk tea makes up for it
Great place for dim sum! Be prepared to wait if you don't wake up early enough already. Also has deals for the early morning dim summers! Great for dinner as well! Try the winter melon soup! It needs to be ordered in advance but is worth it!
Delicious cakes! Always buy a few for birthdays and haven't been disappointed. Can be expensive. I haven't tried the afternoon tea yet but is always available from groupon
Like any other Chatime, bubble tea is good. Service is terrible, waited 30+ minutes for bubbletea, employees don't know what they're doing. People behind us got their orders before us. They also gave the wrong drink to many people ahead of us. Made excuses and did not take accountability for their mistakes. Poor customer service -- would rather drive a little further to go to Commerce gate for their Chatime, or go to Sharetea which has great bubble tea as well! Bake code was expensive -- innovative flavours for some breads, but some you could buy at a Chinese bakery for half the price.
Good chewy noodles! Portions kinda small for the price. Enjoyed it but am not rushing back for more either
Great noodles! The spicy peanut is delicious! Lots of toppings, but they recently increased the price which is unfortunate! Still very tasty and the portions are generous.
I don't know why people say this place has gone down hill. I LOVE ALL STARS. I haven't had it for years and we recently got it this weekend. It was as delicious as always and it was take out ! We got the famous Cesar does Texas ...which I HIGHLY recommend . Scorpion kiss ....which is my favourite . Hot and honey mustard. Col. mustard Honey.... Too much honey for me . Bbq honey flavour . Hot blonde ....I don't like that Louisiana hot sauce flavour but other then that it was good because it has blue cheese sauce as well
I like montanas. I like their food and atmosphere. It's a really good place to go for food and drinks on a laid back day. Their patio is also very good during summer time. They have all you can eat ribs which happens every Wednesday and everyday during summer time.My favourite appetizer is their Antojitos and their need nachos which 2 ppl can share and be full. Mmmmmmm delicious
Their place is nice and clean. Their pho is good but their noodle is like instant noodle. Their specialty snakes are good. I don't like their wraps or burgers. I feel like they use the same sauce on everything. Which is the standard sweet Bbq sauce and chilli sauce. Everything tastes the same .
This place was really good.They are clean and fresh. We tried their laksa and their peanut chilli broth. They have a paper sheet where You get to customize your soup. From the base to the type of noodle. The peanut was really creamy and laksa was exactly how it's supposed to be! I will def come back here
Always clean. Always on point. Their service is a bit slow but extremely polite people  . I've been coming here for the past 11 years. And I love it !!!!
By far one of cleanest pho places. The lady who owns it is an amazing, sweet lady. Customer service is excellent and the food never ever disappoints me. My favourite drink is avocado with condensed milk. I highly recommend having one of their shakes or specialty drinks !!!!!!
Slowly making my way through the fine dining restaurants around Aurora/Markham/Richmond Hill areas.  Sarpa was definitely one on my list. Had a birthday celebration dinner with my family here last night.  The place was very cozy and definitely a nice place to come with family and kids.  To start off, they served us warm toasty bread that was very flavourful.  I had the sea bass fish fillet and it was very good  - perfectly grilled served with mashed potatoes and vegetables.  My mom ordered the lamb chops and she said it was delicious.  I also had a tasting of my daughter's dish, creamy chicken mushroom pasta, Pici Toscana which was very tasty.  However the other 2 dishes my family ordered, the veal parmigiana and the beef tenderloin was only okay.  Throughout the evening, the service was excellent and we had a great time.  We will definitely be back.
If you're looking for Gamjatang (Korean Pork Bone Stew) in Richmond Hill area, this is definitely the place.  My daughter has become a huge fan of this dish so I'm always looking for new Korean places to try.  I'm sure there are lots of good ones by Yonge & Sheppard area but it's a little far for us.We tried the Gamjatang requesting for mild spiciness which was done perfectly.  The soup was very tasty and very generous portion of pork bones. The dish that really stood out for us was the Omelet rice.  This is going to be the dish that will get us coming back.  They also gave us a good variety of banchan dishes (complementary side dishes).  We also got the Doenjang Jjigae (soybean paste seafood tofu stew).  This was okay but I'll likely not be ordering this dish again.If you live in the area and feel like Korean food, I definitely recommend this place.
This was our 2nd visit but the last time was many years ago and it was the lunch buffet.  My sister-in-law recommended for us to try the dinner here so we finally made it back this evening for dinner.  We got there really early at around 6pm and we were the 1st table so it's was really quiet but people started coming and by 7pm, half the restaurant was full.  All our dishes came together and pretty quickly.  We asked for everything mild since my husband and daughter can not handle spicy food.  We ordered the butter chicken, tandoori chicken and eggplant with naan.  Everything was very tasty and for me the spiciness was perfect.  The service was really good ensuring the bottle of water was filled.  We also got the mango lassi drink which was perfectly done.
If you're looking for traditional Vietnamese food in the Richmond Hill area, this is definitely the place!  As soon as you walk in, the place has a very modern cafe style with a great vibe and friendly staff.   They might appear a bit disorganized and considering how busy they were, I was still pretty happy with their service.Since it is our first visit tonight, we ordered more dishes to share between my husband and daughter.  Coming today on a Friday night, they had their weekend special "Bun Rieu" (tomato broth with crab vermicelli soup).  This is a must have if you come here on these days.  The flavouring was definitely on point.  Absolutely delicious.   We also got the grilled pork, spring roll on vermicelli which was good but it didn't quit stand out for me as places like Pho Metro or Little Saigon does it so well.  Next we had the Banh Mi Pork Belly (Viet Sub) which was also a great dish of the night!  We finished off with the beef stew with rice which had a lot of meat that was very tender but flavour was only okay.We didn't get to try the Pho soup noodles so we'll be back for sure to try it out.
Been here many times for dinner but first time for dim sum lunch.   We definitely come here a lot for dinner for birthday celebration.  We always get the Peking duck which is my family's favourite dish.  I also posted below some pics of dishes we ordered last year for dinner.There was only 5 of us but we ordered about 11 dim sum dishes and a noodle dish which was way too much.  This always happen because everyone wants to pick their fav dishes and with my niece who is not a big fan of dim sum, she added the Fried Cantonese crispy egg noodle dish.  I highly do not recommend ordering this dish at dim sum because this dish is huge and you'll be too full to eat anything else.  All the dim sum was very good especially the Har Gow (shrimp dumplings) & Siu Mai (steam pork & shrimp dumplings).  Surprisingly, the only dish that wasn't too good was the steam chicken buns which I found the dough to be a bit dry.I have mixed feelings on their service.  I made a reservation, we arrive on time and there were empty tables but they still made us wait for about 10 mins.  I also didn't like the fact that they brought the noodle dish which you can see in the pic below which was very well presented but they didn't offer to help us mix the meats and noodles until my mom stood up to do it.  They were very good with clearing the empty dishes and the food did come pretty quickly.Overall, I would recommend this place for both lunch and dinner.  Just keep in mind the prices here are a bit higher compared to other Chinese restaurants.
Friday is usually sushi night!  There's about 10 Japanese/Korean places in Markham/Richmond Hill area that we like to rotate.  We called around yesterday - Sushi Aoi, Oyaji were both full, Inaho was closed on vacation, and Mi-Ne and Haru were two that we have been recently so I decided with Akane.  Also, we didn't want all you can eat places since I was craving for higher quality sashimi and going to Yutaka/Yuzu/Japango was a little too far from home.We have always enjoyed the bento boxes at Akane which are really good value.  But it was never a place that stood out for me.   It was always just ok since we always selected the boxes.  But after reading the Yelp reviews, there were lots of compliments on the Love Boat B (63 pieces) for only $62.99 so we order this.  This was a really good combo which had lots of sashimi, sushi and 3 specialty rolls.  I'm sure that there were more than 63 pieces!  The salmon sashimi and the rolls were delicious.  I really liked the shrimp and scallop sashimi which were really sweet!  There were a few sashimi pieces which I think was hamachi was a little fishy which we didn't like.  But overall, other than that, everything else on the boat was delicious.  It also included 3 Uni sushi(Sea urchin) but I asked them to substitute the 2 Uni for salmon instead.  Both my husband and daughter are not big fans of Uni.  I'm not crazy about it either but I'll keep eating it because I think that I'll appreciate it one day!The Love Boat dish definitely won me over and we'll likely be back if we want just sushi!
My review is going to sound like everyone else.  I also came here after buying a Groupon deal - afternoon tea for 2 for $22 ($27.5 less $5.5 on Groupon discount day!).  I got such a good deal so I really shouldn't complain but the service was really bad that I can't dismiss it.  We came on a Saturday afternoon and they were very busy with the counter sales.  It's a small place, with only a few small tables and with people lined up to buy sweets to go, it's super cramped.  No one greeted us as we enter since it is a bakery style.  We stood there in the middle of the room hoping that someone would at least shout out to give them a minute but no one acknowledged that we came in.  I decided to wait in line with the others who are buying cakes so that I can get someone's attention.  I see why the rating for services was so low here.  We finally got our table and was quickly given a tray of teas to choose from.  We just went to T-Buds for afternoon tea so if I were to compare the two places on both ambiance and service,  Ruelo only gets 1 star.  However, I'm giving it 2.5 stars because they were accommodating when I called to make reservations for a Saturday and the only date available was a few days after my Groupon expiry date and they said it would be fine but no further changes would be allowed which I thought was fair.Although I rated the service of being very poor, the food was pretty good.  I still remember going to Prince of Wales at Niagara-on-the-Lake for high tea and we paid about $30 per person and the pastries were horrible so I would give Ruelo 3.5 stars for the food.I'm just going to stick with buying cakes here and probably won't be coming back for afternoon tea.
We have been here a few times for dinner in the past few years and I recalled the food here was alright but nothing too memorable.  However, our dinner here a week ago was pretty good, definitely better than before.The place was pretty packed on a Friday night.  I heard a staff mentioned that a lot of people were there with Groupons that were expiring soon which might explain why the place was packed.  I never got the Groupon for this place as I still had an Entertainment book coupon to use here which was a saving of $15.  I know that it's hard to believe that someone still buys the Entertainment book, but it still has some awesome deals.We ordered 3 mains - Shrimp Linguini at $17, Seafood Linguini at $24 and Baby Back Ribs at $28.    Everything was delicious and generous portion of shrimp and seafood on the pasta dishes.  The seafood included lots of mussels, clams, shrimp and squid.  As for the ribs, the portion was huge and the meat was very tasty and tender.All in all, it was a great dinner.  We will definitely be back.
Came here with my family last Friday night to celebrate my niece's birthday.   It's been a long time since we had dinner here.  The place felt very warm as we walk into the restaurant with the bar area on one side that is partition very well from the main the dining room.  With 8 of us, its always hard to find a place with a variety of dishes to choose from.  Fraticelli's definitely has a big selection of pasta, pizza, ravioli and steak.  Unfortunately my sister was looking forward to ordering the lobster ravioli as it was on the website but it was not available at this location (maybe not in season).My daughter got the mushroom ravioli which she said it was delicious.  My husband steak pizza with fried onion was also very good.  My top sirloin wasn't as tasty as I had hope.  Everything else that my family ordered was just okay.   Our server was very attentive and overall we enjoyed our evening.
After reading on Yelp about this new cool little Chinese Sweet/Tea shop that is close to home, we decided to come after dinner tonight.   We came around 9pm and by 9:30pm it was completely packed.Both my husband and I have very little knowledge on Chinese herbal tea so the woman who I think is the owner spent time explaining to me about a few of hot drinks that she was recommending.  I wanted one that had a natural sweetness to it and she recommended the French rose Jasmin Stevia Tea.  She explained the stevia is a leave that will give the drink a natural sweetness.  It was a perfect blend that I definitely enjoyed.  My husband tried the French rose Wolfberry Logan Tea which he didn't like very much.  It was nicely done but just not a flavor that we liked.  Both were a little pricey at $7.99 but it was a pretty good size pot that will make a few cups so you can always share one pot.   My daughter had the Honey Citron herb tea which was very tasty for only $5.99.  This was my favourite.We also got the egg waffles which you can customized.  We got the sesame and the chocolate chip flavour.  Both were very good!The same woman who helped us earlier chatted with us before we left and told me that although this shop was only opened for 3 and a half months,  she ran a similar Sweet Shop for over 20 years at Market Village.  Wow, she definitely has a lot of experience.We will definitely be back to try their Chinese desserts!
3.5 stars - We came here last Friday looking forward to our fav dish, the salmon teriyaki dinner and we placed 3 orders for the 3 of us since my family don't like to share.  Unfortunately, we were a bit disappointed as the salmon didn't taste as good as it was the last few times.  The dishes were still well presented and the service was still very good.  We'll probably still be back but not any time soon.
4 stars for food3 stars for ambiance3.5 stars for serviceThis is a typical HK style cafe that has almost everything you can think of.  Came here for breakfast this morning and there were 4 or 5 menus...the dim sum special before 11am menu, the dim sum set menu, the HK style western breakfast menu, the noodles, rice, etc menus.  I'm not actually a huge fan of breakfast at HK style cafe because it includes dishes like macaroni soup with ham & peas which I don't really care for.  My daughter and husband love this!  I like the fact that they have dim sum as well and I was really surprise that it was pretty good.  The set menus are also a good deal which comes with hot tea or coffee.  It's a great place for family with lots of selection for everyone.This place has been around for at least 10 years and I totally forgot about it.  The place is quite spacious that probably can accommodate over 100 people.  There were 3 dim sum dishes that I liked the most which were the black bean spareribs steam rice, BBQ pork steam rice rolls and Chiu chow steam dumplings (meats & peanuts)......these were just as good as some of the fancy Chinese dim sum places like Dragon Boat and Premier Banquet.  The prices are also really reasonable, our total bill came to only $33 for 7 dishes and 2 milk teas.If you're not looking for a fancy place but just want some good Chinese food, this is the place.
My quest to finding the best Izakaya place in GTA continues.  It's going to be difficult to find a place that will top Kinka, Nome, Kintaro, Ju or Kingyo.  Tsuki definitely has a good selection of Izakaya dishes and everything was okay but there wasn't really one dish that stood out.  However, it's closest to home and prices were reasonable so I'll probably be back.We ordered a variety of izakaya dishes for sharing:1) Sashimi salad - good portion and a very nice mix of raw fish and tasty dressing.2) Oden - really like having this dish in the winter.  Fish cakes, radish in a hot soy-flavored dashi broth.  This was very yummy.  It was just missing the Karashi (Japanese mustard) for dipping.  Nome serves it perfectly.3) Karaage (fried chicken) - this was tasty but the pieces where not as juicy as the way Kinka makes it.4) Sashimi platter - this was okay but nothing special.  Will probably skip ordering this next time and stick with the cook food.5) Grilled squid - best dish!  Perfectly grilled and seasoned.6) Takoyaki (octopus balls) - it was served with the  right sauce and seasoning on top but the wheat flour-based batter was only okay.  Gal's sushi actually makes the best takoyaki.Overall, the atmosphere was very nice and we did enjoy the food.  We'll definitely be back if we feel like izakaya.
I have been frequenting the Host's Indian restaurants for many many years now. Since being established in 1997, owners and brothers Sanjeev and Jay Sethi have made quite a name with the Host dynasty. Owning three locations respectively in Mississauga, Richmond Hill, and Yorkville, the Host has prided itself on quality Indian food and good service. Over the past few years however the prices of dishes have increased, with the quality of food being hit or miss on several occasions. At times the food is too salty and sometimes too greasy. So... I will tell you how to absolutely get the biggest bang for your buck in two words: LUNCH BUFFET. The Host lunch buffet at $9.99 is arguably the greatest deal that exists in my arsenal of lunch venues. I really don't understand how they rationalize the insane concept, but I will attempt to recall to the best of my ability the Richmond Hill Buffet experience. The buffet consists of a salad bar with many items like raita (yogurt, cucumber, spice concoction - must have), plate of sliced red onions (must have), and many other pasta dishes and Indian condiments. Rice is always available in either basmati or yellow rice (dyed with turmeric) form, followed by fried appetizers such as pakoras and onion bhajis accompanied by mint and tamarind chutney.  Next in line are the fresh naans which you can see the chef retrieving from the walls of the tandoor from the clear glass window. The clear window is equipped with a little sliding door so that the chefs can replace the naans and tandoori chicken with ease. The mains begin with veggie dishes which alternate from day to day. You can expect to find at any given time: Saag Paneer - puréed spinach and cheese, Malai Matar Paneer - peas and cheese in a tomato cream sauce,  Dal Makhni - slow cooked black lentils with cream or butter, Channa Masala - chick peas roasted into a curry with Indian spices, or Aloo Gobhi - fried cauliflower and potato medley just to name a few. The meat dishes as well are alternating daily except for the Murgh Makhni (Butter Chicken), you can expect to find that dish there every day Mon-Fri. Other meat dishes they may offer are: Lamb Roganjosh - lamb curry with yogurt and spices such as saffron, Beef Curry, or Beef Vindaloo - A goan curry with a rich sauce. As for the butter chicken, it is typically the best tasting meat curry they offer.  It is rich and sweet in flavour, good consistency, and they are generous with the chicken. Best butter chicken around? Negative, but well stellar on a good day.  After the meat curries is a South Indian inspired station complete with Idli's (soft rice patties), Sambar - a vegetable and pigeon pea stew, Dosa - crepe like item made out of rice and lentils, and various chutneys made from coconut, tomato and tamarind. All in all a great spread for an Indian buffet. One may find some dishes to be hit or miss, but overallOverall many of the dishes at Host can be hit or miss depending on the day you go. However, the lunch buffet is truly a steal. Take for example the Butter Chicken dish priced out at roughly $13.99 on the dinner menu (like most restaurants), at the Buffet this dish is all you can eat in a massive bowl for $9.99! Not to mention all the other dozens of items available all you can eat. Bang for your buck I would rank host as the #1 indian buffet joint. If you were to come for dinner I will warn the menu is pretty big. You will find many traditional dishes with modern and gourmet twists, but you'll have to really pay for them.   Buffet all the way, but if you can't make lunch try them out for dinner. It will be expensive but the Host has the potential to bang out some great food.
"Best sushi in Richmond Hill, maybe Markham." -MeI used to frequent Tomo back in the day as it was a solid sushi venue extremely close to my home. Recently they went under massive renovations and this ordinary looking sushi restaurant was converted into a chic, elegant, and classy venue with outstanding Jap grub. I highly recommend gathering 5+ sushi aficionados and calling ahead to reserve a booth. Sitting in a booth at Tomo is not mandatory, but the shoeless accommodation definitely enhances the experience.I am a self-proclaimed sashimi monster, and the cuts and freshness of Tomo's sashimz is eloquently gangster. They are consistently thick, cool, beautifully shaped and probably the best tasting sashimi I have ever had in the GTA. At many places after eating a lot of sashimi I encounter a weird chalky taste in my mouth, but not at Tomo. I could eat there all day and night and still order dessert as they're closing. If you attend with a large group, they have pre-set combos that include sashimi, maki rolls and sushi. I was skeptical to order these pre-set combos as I always am at restaurants, but at Tomo the chef really puts a phenomenal spread together and it is definitely worth it to venture the pre-set route. The menu itself is extensive, and Tomo boasts many delicacies that you would not find at most Sushi restaurants. From the miso to sake bombs, truly a great experience from beginning to end.  Little things such as the citrus infused asian orange salad dressing and overall presentation of boats are simply stunning and captivating.  I would also recommend the spicy Korean bulgogi, it is deep with flavour and riddled with caramelized onions and gochujang (fermented pepper paste). Do it, you will not be disappointed. 5/5.Ideal Order (5-6ppl)Green Dragon Roll (8)Hamachi Negi Maki (6)Preset Sashimi, Sushi and Maki combo (s, m, l)Spicy Bulgogi DinnerSalmon TeriyakiSapporo Hakutsuru Sake (only chilled)
Established in 1981 by two brothers from Italy, Abruzzo's has been a Richmond Hill staple for as long as I can remember. In addition to delicious Pizza and Panzerotti's, they also offer pastas and Italian sandwiches, but I can only vouch for the pizza and panzos. The pizza is solid and the party size pizzas are great for groups or events. They boast a wide range of fresh toppings inclduing some you would not find at any ordinary pizzeria. The panzos are delish squared, for the record I have never ordered a baked one from them because the fried ones are too good to be true. I also recommend getting a side of meat or plain tomato sauce to accompany your panzo's crispy edges.See below the selection of toppings available to you should you decide to order from Abruzzos.  Anchovies, Artichokes, Bacon, Black Forest Ham, Black Olives, Broccoli, Capers, Capicollo, Diced Tomato, *Double Cheese, Italian Sausage, Extra Cheese, *Feta Cheese, Fresh Hot Peppers, Fresh Mushrooms, Grilled Egg Plant, *Goat Cheese, Green Olives, Green Pepper, *Grilled Chicken, Grilled Zucchini, Ground Beef, Hot Peppers, Onions, Pepperoni, Pineapple, *Potatoes, Plum Tomato, Red Onions, Roasted Red Pepper, Salami, *Shrimps, Spinach, Sun Dried Tomato.4/5
I'm not even sure that I need to yelp this, because EVERYONE and their mother across the GTA seems to know of this highly successful Malaysian restaurant. Like Richmond Court, I feel the quality has declined over the past years, yet it still remains a staple for most including myself. I used to frequent this restaurant weekly a few years ago as it was situated 1km from my house. I was so in love with the food back then that I even had my birthday dinner there. Since that last birthday they have made huge renovations and you would never think it looks as classy and chic as it does from the outside. The food is fantastic and the portions are sizeable. There are various Malaysian and Thai dishes that have me currently salivating as I ponder. Assorted satay skewers, assorted tom yam soups, spring rolls, rotis and stuffed rotis round out the apps. When it comes to meats and seafoods, there are at least 20 selections for each. All the rice and noodle dishes are mouth watering as well, dishes such as the several different nasi gorengs (fried rice), laksa noodles and various other rice noodle, egg noodles and vermicelli dishes. One dish you must get is Penang Fried Kuay Teow, as a texture slut this is my favourite dish at this restaurant. For desert there is no way you can not order the Goring Pisang. No matter how full you are, there is always space for this dish. You will smell these sweet crisp banana fritters hit your nasal passage before they hit the table, served with various ice creams such as vanilla, mango and coconut, a must for desert. I have one quam with this restaurant however, the menu is too big! I really get turned off by restaurants with such overwhelming menus (ie. Pickle Barrel). Yes I agree you may be trying to please everyone, but it's confusing and it desensitizes various signature dishes as the rest are all spin offs. Nevertheless, this is one place worth checking out if you haven't already. Anything below with a * is an absolute absolute must for me.  Ideal Order (4 ppl)Assorted Platter (satays, spring rolls etc.)Roti & Curry Mutton*Beef Murtabak (meat stuffed roti)Malay Kari Ayam (chicken curry)Sambal Tumis Kampung (beef)Indonesian Nasi Goreng*Penang Fried Kuay Teow*Goring Pisang w/ Vanilla Ice Cream*Teh Tarik (you have to watch buddy pour this drink)Iced Lychee**I would recommend staying away from the common dishes you may be a custom to such as the chili chicken, pad thai, sweet & sour meats etc. It's best to stick to the selections above, or more traditional selections. Explore a bit!4.3/5
Sentimental..... That's how I feel about this restaurant. Growing up in Richmond Hill I frequented Richmond court because the asian grub was hella bang-on and mad cheap. I remember going there as a kid slamming that fluorescent hot and sour soup and eating deep fried salty squid until my belly hurt. I remember going there as a teen, ordering the whole menu and smoking butt after butt in that closed off glass smoking area. I remember going there last month and re-living all my childhood experiences. I won't lie, the quality of food there has gone down a bit over the years, but it is still one of the top places to secure Chinese food in the Richmond Hill/Markham area. When I'm fiending hot & sour, that Cantonese noodle crunch, or that ideal texture perfect jelly rice noodle, RC always delivers for me. If you are a bun/pastry lover they have a whole section of it by the mall entrance, I've only ever tried the pineapple buns which are sweet, solid, and stellar. Let it be known I do not vouch for this restaurant as a Dim Sum venue, I've had it a few times and it can not hold a candle to other fine restaurants in Markham. Another point to note is people often confuse this location with another at 328 Highway 7 E. As far as I know, this location I am reviewing is the classic spot. But see for yourself. Ideal OrderHot & Sour SoupCantonese NoodlesRichmond Court Fried RiceDeep Fried Salty SquidRice Noodles w/ Black Been BeefBeef w/ Ginger & Green OnionsAssorted Sweet BunsHong Kong Style Milk TeaI work at Woodbine and 7...guess where I'm going for lunch today.
Nando's is an Afro-Portuguese restaurant specializing in various dishes mostly grill chicken oriented. The chicken and rice dishes are characterized by lemon, spices and Peri-Peri. Peri-Peri is African Birdseye Chili and has a sweet distinctive flavour, definitely goes hand in hand w/ lemon and garlic.Overall I feel the food is overpriced for what you get. I do enjoy some meals at Nando's, yet some meals remain under par. At times the chicken is way overcooked, rendering thee meat dry and burnt. Other times the chicken is cooked well, but there's barely any meat on the bone, especially with their wings. The portions and quality of food is inconsistent, questionable for the price you pay. I do really enjoy the Peri-Peri seasoned chips (fries), they are always a staple for me if I eat chez Nando's. Other sides include spiced rice, baked potatoes, coleslaw and corn. Whenever ordering my meal I always use a fair amount of Nando's house sauces such as the hot Peri-Peri and Garlic sauce.I couldn't see myself going out of my way to eat at Nando's, but it is a decent restaurant with good service. A big plus for them is they have a well crafted and interactive website. It provides you with a solid history of the franchise, as well as recipes to their dishes! I find that to be so rare these days. If you're interested in hitting this joint ;) find a place near you. http://www.nandoscanada.com/sections.html#Our%20Restaurants
HISTORY/ABOUT/DECOR: a 24hr Korean joint notorious for a mean pork bone soup (Gam Ja Tang). This location is nothing special, but it's not meant to be fancy or classy inside, it's meant to have some serious eats. The price point as well does not dictate an elaborate decor. MENU DESIGN/FOOD QUALITY: The menu is well laid out, and in most cases there are pictures for the items which I find helps a lot of customers decide. I ordered the Gam Ja Tang (obviously) and it was ok. It is a pork bone soup with potatoes, green onions, ground wild sesames and a spicy broth.  It was missing something, perhaps some basic seasoning? I was just not blown away like my visits to other Owl locations. To add insult to injury the kimchi was bland and meh, tasted bitter and under seasoned. The other banchan (Korean side dishes) was nothing to write home about. Many years ago I used to live with a Korean who's mom sent him food from Korea. I also hosted/cooked on a Korean TV show for a season on WOW TV, so I know my Korean food (before you ask who is this dude chirping the broth and kimchi). This location compared to the other Owl's is mediocre at best, and I won't be returning - until I know it is up to par. PRICE POINT: You can walk out of Owl full for under 10$, similar to another famous Korean restaurant -  Buk Chang Dong Soon Tofu, one of my Top 10 Restaurants in Toronto. SERVICE: Very good. Attentive servers and quick results. BATHROOMS: Clean and well maintained. FINAL THOUGHTS: I very rarely write 1 and 2* reviews, but as mentioned before, this location was just not up to par and I  can not see myself returning. Having grown up in Richmond Hill I could not express in words how excited I was to learn there was an Owl near my house, only to be so let down. (sigh)
I have been to Turtle Jack's three times now and it's about time they got my Yelp. They have the best wings I have ever had, or can recall in recent years. I've eaten at every wing place in the city and I get the most satisfaction out of TJ's. I feel part of their success with their wings derives from the notion that they allow you some customization with your order, in addition to the fact that their so damn satisfying. For example, you have the option to order the "Roasters" - large wings, or "Fryers" classic style size wings. Secondly, you can have them "Dusted" - a light/crispy coating on the wings, or "Regular" - as is. Thirdly! You can request that your wings are thrown on the BBQ to get that authentic Q flavour, or baked in the convection oven to really bake the flavour right into the wing. All these options are up to you, and although it may seem confusing or overwhelming, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out you want Roasters Dusted on the Q, or in the Oven. TJ's boasts a plethora of  sauces which are mostly damn good and simply named if I may add - simple wing sauces seem to be a thing of the past when nowadays you get sauce names like Farmer's Daughter and Montezuma's Revenge. Truthfully, I'm a sucker for corn rows and manicured toes, actually no that's Nelly. I'm a sucker for buffalo sauce on my wings, simply butter w/ Frank's Red Hot. On a scale of hotness from 1 to 10 I'd rate Frank's at 3, I don't order Buffalo sauce for Frank's heat, rather the tartness which derives from the high vinegar content. It fuses with the butter so well I'm in heaven like Fred Astaire whenever I slay it. Damn it, I just drooled into my keyboard fak. Buffalo sauce at TJ's is called "NY Butter Sauce", and you can order it "Extreme" and they will make it a bit spicier for you. Other great sauces are their original BBQ, Hotter than Hot, Baton Rouge, Ross sauce (chili/honey) and Red Thai Chili. Overall I reckon the wings to be bombness and I think I've spoken enough about them. Next we talk apps quickly. The onion rings are the biggest I have ever seen in my life. They are roughly the size of huge donuts and arrived perfectly crisp. I did however ask the waitress to ensure the rings were well done because TJ's fries are horrendous. They are not double fried so the insides are like mashed potatoes. Half cooked fries are probably my biggest pet peeve in the eating out game, and I have no tolerance for it. Onion Rings are great to share and I can not emphasize how big they are. The order will come with 5-6 rings, equivalent to probably 15 average sized ones. In terms of steaks, ribs etc. at this restaurant I haven't tried anything besides what I mentioned above. The fried pickles are apparently incredible, however the price point is way off at $9.99, if I'm not mistaken you get 1 pickle cut into 6 pieces then deep fried. How did they come to that valuation? Kevin O'Leary of Dragon's Den would blast them if he found out. In closing, a nice cozy spot to slay some wings, a remixed Kelsey's if you would. Be warned this Vogell location is a test spot so what you experience at this location or what you have read here may not necessarily carry through at other venues.
Hands down the best selection of Wing's in Canada - BOLD This joint boasts at any given time nearly 100 different homemade flavours of wings. Unfortunately the wacky names have no descriptions, but that's why you have me. Try the following wings which never disappoint, staples in my bi-monthly visit. God of Thunder (my fav - heat 5/8) Cheesy Where's the Beef? (gravy and cheddar) Hot Asian Rancher (speaks for itself) Casear does Texas (Caesar sauce and parmesan) Montezuma Revenge (fire - heat 6/8) Desperado (no idea...only God of Thunder knows) Lemon Pepper (dry zesty) They rarely if ever have the Armageddons wings anymore. If they do, you must sign a waiver to eat these wings, and you have 30min to eat 11 of these lava rockets sitting at the bar. If you complete this task you get your picture on the Wall of Fame along with a T-shirt and an ulcer. The Armo wings boast scoville units of over 1,000,000. They could call it Pepperspray Lite. I recommend getting past Montezuma Revenge first. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scoville_scale Onion scoops & Greek fries are a sure shot. *this location is much larger and livelier compared to it's Woodbine location. All female staff
Bombay's Chutney is a neat little Indian Restaurant located in the heart of Richmond Hill. I have eaten here on many occasions my guests and I have always enjoyed our meal and the experience. Religiously, I will start my dinner with an order of beef samosas. They arrive at your table piping hot served along side some stellar tamarind chutney. The beef filling is bountiful and seasoned well; these will forever be a staple of mine. From the tandoor I would typically select the chicken tikka, seekh kebabs or paneer tikka. For mains the butter chicken here will make the cut every time. The blend of masala and spices is near perfect and the boneless chicken pieces are tender and definitely pre-marinated. I've eaten butter chicken everywhere, and BC's BC holds its own.  It is important to note that if I were vegetarian I would be most pleased with this restaurant. I find most veggie heads love paneer, as do I. Bombay's Chutney boasts 5 vegetarian curries which showcase paneer: Chili paneer, paneer makhni (butter sauce), saag paneer (spinach), karahi paneer and mattar paneer (peas). In addition to the plethora of paneer dishes they have several other vegetarian ones including my absolute favourite, Malai Kofta. To accompany the dishes you can order biryani or naan. Unfortunately I have never tried the biryani because their garlic naan has always been way too spot on to deviate away from. The naan is brought to your table straight from the tandoor and is always perfectly cooked. If you order the garlic rendition it will be brushed with butter then absolutely riddled with garlic bits before going into the tandoor. The garlic bits caramelize and crisp up and my goodness it's perfect.  Overall a solid experience each and every time I visit this venue. The only quam I have with BC is that they now have a huge sign at the front of the establishment advertising a $4.99 lunch, I feel that this takes away from the class of the restaurant a bit, but you gotta do what you gotta do. Service is always awesome and they have a bar complete with various wines, liquors and beers including Kingfisher! Nice.
Wow. What a restaurant. I've been slaying Korean Barbecue's for many many years, and Chako's takes the cake, or kimchi rather. From the moment you enter this restaurant you are greeted with a modern, warm and chic decor. The quality of meats, seafood, and vegetables for an all you can eat restaurant is exceptional and service  outstanding. I've been to this restaurant almost 10 times now and it has never disappointed. They carry all the standard meats such as short ribs, beef, pork and chicken, as well as ox tongue. Seafood consists of tiger shrimps, calamari, mussels and fish fillets. Unlike most KBBQ'S I've been too, Chako's offers 4 types of sushi on the AYCE menu, as well as veggies such as: peppers, zucchini, and pineapple....PINEAPPLE!! If you are looking for a solid AYCE KBBQ in and around the GTA, this is the spot. Lunch buffet equates to $10, a price that can not be beat. I highly recommend trying everything on the menu once, my favourite would be the pork w/ pineapple drizzled with kimchi juice, go ahead and wash that down with a Lychee Calpis. *Please note Chako's is owned and operated by Japanese, not Koreans. This may be of importance to certain readers.
Noodles are average. Tastes more Chinese than Japanese ramen. Soup is good. I've been here twice having the thin noodles. Extra noodles are only a couple bucks. Staff is friendly
Inatei is one of the higher end (more expensive, less quantity) Chinese run Japanese restaurants in the area.  You get the impression once you come in that it is not a run of the mill mom and pop restaurant.  The service is pretty good.  One thing I love to order here is their duck breast ramen (substituted to ramen, $1 surcharge) which was pretty good.  This item seems to be a perpetual special item on the special menu.  I needed to order extra noodles as the portion is pretty small.  Note, their broth has lots of MSG, I was super thirsty afterwards.Bento boxes are pricier than most restaurants, but the food is prepared well.  Their rolls are good too.  All of their ingredients seem to be of higher quality and that is reflected in the cost.3.5 stars (minus 1/2 star for the excessive MSG)
Who doesn't like a good burger?Fresh Burger's menu is very simple - they do burgers and they do them well!  Recently renovated and expanded (they took over the space next door as well) - this is because I'm not the only one who loves their burgers!Do yourself a favour and get the Prime burger instead of the basic burger.  The patties are juicy and remind me of In-N-Out in the West Coast.  Combos come with Fries and a can of pop.  They do have a crazy selection of soft drinks in their fridge.  Their fries are also done well and they provide a lot.4.5 stars!
Decent. Dishes are hit and miss. Xiao long bao is not that good. Shanghai noodles and noodle soup are good tasty. Broccoli with egg has a thick consistency but tasted OK. Desert also (fried egg white with red bean) was not fluffy and very dense
Consistently good sushi and bento boxes. This place is Korean owned and they serve Korean dishes like kalbi and bulgogi as well. Crunchy noodle soup is a nice free appetizer, and if you have kids, they will love it!
We came on Thursday night and the place was busy. It's more like a club in here than a restaurant. The music was super loud, you can barely hear the person next to you!Service here is not very good. After being seated, took about 10-15 minutes before we were even greeted by the waitress. Our group ordered calamari (very good), potstickers (good) and wings (terrible - tiny and no flavour!) to start. The wings were really bad, deep fried and lightly breaded with absolutely no flavour! Kids meals are good deal here. Kids Cheeseburger is same as adult size except slightly less fries. Also includes drink and ice cream. I had the regular burger and literally it was identical to kids, with a few more toppings!Our waitress never came back to check on us and it took another 10 minutes to flag someone to get us the bill. Food is what you expect for bar/restaurant chain but service definitely lacking.
I love xiaolongbao (XLB) - pork soup dumplings - and there are several Shanghainese restaurants in the Richmond Hill/Markham area that make them.  Yu Garden is hidden in the end of a strip plaza sharing the parking lot with Loblaws at High Tech and Bayview.  It is towards the very end, by the stand alone Scotiabank building.Yu Garden is pricier that the other restaurants in the area (Ding Tai Fung, A la Kitchen, Shanghai Dim Sum, Asian Legend) but I found that they had the worst XLB of the bunch.  The issue I have is with the way it's wrapped.  The skin is of average thinness, however, the way they wrap it here, the skin forms a massive "clump" at the top of the dumpling.  Because of the big clump on the top of the XLB, it becomes hard when steamed.  It costs $6.99 for 6.We tried other menu items that were average as well such as Shanghai Fried Noodles (good), Stir Fried Pea Sprouts (old sprouts, hard), Onion Pancake filled with Beef (ok), Crystal Shrimp (plain), but there was a standout dish: The dungenous crab with rice cakes saved the day!  This is the first time I've strayed from the traditional Shanghainese rice cakes stir fried with pork and vegetables (primarly cabbage).  This spin was done very well, full of flavour and a different sauce.  It was pricy (market price about $50) but very tasty.Bottom line, don't come here for the XLB, there are many better options in the area.  This place is a 2.5 stars for me.
I think I've been here over 20 times over the past couple years. The price has gone up from $8.25 and options and quality has decreased over time. However we still come back because it is still cheap (as of April 2017 it is $9.75 for fish based noodle soup, 2 toppings and a HK style drink), super fast and somewhat healthier than other fast Chinese options. 99% of the people who come here order noodle soup.  They do have rice options, however I will focus on noodles.  You order by filling out an order sheet with what you want.  Tip: If there is a line, fill out the order sheets while you wait! You can mix and match soup bases with different noodle types (I've tried vermicelli, thick rice noodles, flat rice noodles, instant noodles, egg noodles) and pick two toppings from the list. Extra toppings are $1.75. The noodles come in a pretty big bowl and you can also get extra noodles for upcharge if you're really hungry or want to share with others or kids. Slice beef briskets are decent but inconsistent. Some times you come and the pieces are really good. Other times the beef is super fatty. I usually get choy sum and the portion they give of veggies is massive. Sides are $2.25 each when you order noodles and I've  tried pan fried boneless chicken, pork chop (both pan fried and deep fried), fish puffs and sausages. I've also had the wings (3 per order) and deep fried fish fillet and these two are the best of the bunch. They also have bubble tea here but don't expect anything spectacular. I'd rather get a milk or lemon tea/honey with the combo and if you really want bubble tea, go across the street to Commerce Gate after your meal as all the good bbt options are there!This place is usually busy but the wait is not too bad. They turn meals around fast. In summary, cheap healthy noodles that are good for groups and families with kids - all kids love noodles! 3.5 stars
This is an authentic Japanese restaurant in Markham!  As with most authentic Japanese sushi restaurants, it is a bit pricy and service is a bit slow.  They also have tapas dishes like an izakaya, however this place has more of a traditional restaurant feel to it.We tried the following dishes:Gomaae ($5) - their Gomaee is marinated pretty well with sesame, peanut, and soy, however it came out ice cold.  There was actually ice bits in it - It must've been stored in the back of a cold fridge!  That being said, since it was near frozen and premade, it took over 15 minutes to come to the table.Gyoza ($7.50) - Althought expensive, the gyozas are good.  Fried just right so the skin is crispy, and the meat stuffing was marinated well.Nasudengaku ($8) - This fried eggplant dish is highly recommended - I don't think I've had it better at any other izakayas!  The miso sauce was light and the eggplant was cooked through with great texture, just the way I like it!Ika Sugatayaki ($10) - This is grilled calamari.  The portion is large compared to the other tapas dishes.  However, was a bit drySauteed Scallops & Asparagus ($9.50) - This dish was a supreme disappointment.  Stay away from this one!  The scallops were very mushy and overly cooked in butter.  Usually don't say this, but there was too much butter.  But the quality of the scallops was very bad and the dish was small, although I wouldn't want to eat more.Udon Tempura ($17.50) - This is from the lunch menu.  As a tip, you can order noodles from the lunch menu, just add $3 to the price for each.  The udon was typical, nothing special.  The tempura however was really, really good!  Two shrimp tempura were melt in your mouth.  Also came with a pumpkin tempura, eggplant tempura, and broccoli tempura.Rolls (Spider Roll: $10 - 6 pieces) (California Roll: $7.50/6 pieces) (Dynamite Roll: $8.50/5 pieces) - The rolls here are excellent!  It must be the sushi rice, as it is sweeter and lighter than the rice used at your typical Korean/Chinese run sushi restaurant.  You can really taste a difference!  Also, must be a different brand/quality of seaweed paper.When at full capacity, the two waitresses here can't keep up.  The service was very very slow.  However, despite the slow service, I will come back.  The dishes that were good were really good.  I'll know what to steer clear of next time.  By the way, green Tea is free here.
OMG this place is SO overrated!  I had seafood linguine and it tasted fishy.  Note to the chef, if you don't have fresh clams, don't put them in the dish!  Pizza is also average, not thin crust.  I honestly have no idea why people like this place so much.  Nonna's Oven is a better option in the area (about 5-10 min drive)
So much hype around Papa Chang's third location in Richmond Hill. This location is in the same plaza as Golden Court and Yu Seafood, tucked away in the back. However, even though it's in the back, it is super busy! Came on a Sunday afternoon at 2pm during soft opening and it was still a 15 minute wait for table for 4!Onto the food. The popcorn chicken C04 is really, really good, as well as their chicken cutlet. The noodle N03 that is served with the chicken cutlet is egg noodles, and it is so so. I'd say get the rice instead. The signature beef noodle N06 was decent. We also ordered a pork floss omelette P01 and this was also a tasty choice. You can't go wrong with pork floss!Their value combos include a drink and a dessert, for an extra $5. This may seem like a good deal, as all the drinks are minimum $5 anyways. However, their drinks suck! I'd save the $5 and go across the street afterwards to Commerce Gate where you have all the elite bubble tea places to choose from!In summary, make sure you order the popcorn chicken! Their rice is better than the noodles and don't upgrade to the combos unless you want a crappy drink!3.5 stars!
Yet another ramen place in Richmond Hill, so naturally I had to check it out.  So how would I describe Okotte?  Okotte Ramen is a Japanese version of Deer Garden run by Chinese people.It is quite funny, it's literally the same concept as Deer Garden but they apply the order sheet concept with add on sides and toppings to ramen instead.  So that being said, it's not very authentic.  Also, I didn't find that many good toppings, and the ramen is average.  Their bubble tea is Presotea, so it's definitely much better than what you would typically get at a noodle place.  Extra noodles are only $2, so it is good if you're hungry.  Their portions here are also larger than standard places.All things said, food is average with decent value and good bubble tea.  3 stars
One of our go to Chinese restaurants in the area. The quality is always consistent and very tasty. This restaurant is definitely on the higher end of the spectrum, more expensive than other Chinese  restaurants. You get what you pay for, and will never go away with a bad meal. Has dinner service as well as dim sum. The have set menus as well as a la carte for dinner, and dim sum is via order sheets instead of push carts.It does get busy for dim sum so either come early or come with someone who is a regular. They take reservations for dinner and on weekends some part of the restaurant is usually booked for weddings, birthdays or something so seating capacity may be limitedAs for the food, doesn't really matter what you order, the food will be good!4.5 stars
If you're looking for something different (i.e. non-Asian) in Richmond Hill/Markham, Bamiyan is a good choice. Its a rather large location in the Beaver Creek/Hwy 7 area. The thing to order here is the kabobs, and there are many options to choose from. The kabobs come standard with fresh garden salad and Afghan naan, which is a much thicker naan when compared to Indian. We ordered the kofta kabob and chicken kabob. Kofta is basically seasoned ground beef while the chick is similar to Greek souvlaki. The key here is the meat is not dry. Moist and tender meat makes such a big difference. I cannot say how many times you go to a Greek restaurant and the souvlaki is sooo dry. Well you won't have that problem here!Everything is made to order so expect to wait about 10 minutes for your food. Also, if you come at lunch, come at 11:45 and you will save yourself a lot of time as there is a line around noon!
Yes, Buk Chang Dong Soon Tofu has some tasty tofu soup.  The tofu soup is served in a blazing hot stone bowl and the tofu is silky and flavourful, as per all the reviews here.However, the stone bowl is also great for dolsot bimbimbap!!  This place has the BEST dolsot bimbimbap because their stone bowl is SOOO hot!  They must have a crazy oven in the kitchen to heat up their bowls this hot, so of course be careful not to touch!Mix up the rice and the toppings and add the spicy sauce to your liking.  After you're done, the bowl will still be crackling hot while the rice gets all crispy - yum!  Because of this, the dolsot bimbimbap is not soggy like other places where the bowl is not hot enough.  So yes, come here for the tofu but don't forget about their dolsot bimbimbap too!
OK everyone correct in saying that this place is super clean. My kids could eat off the floor and probably be OK. This is a Korean owned Japanese restaurant. Note, their rolls are large - actually massive. Didn't expect this and ended up ordering too much! Anyways, the food is above average and good value. We order a crazy roll, haru roll, need udon, kalbi bento box and a hand roll. Both rolls were excellent. The kalbi was on the fatty side, should have gone for the bulgolgi. Note that the beef in the udon is not bulgolgi. It is just unmarinated slices of beef. Will come back. To try their other rolls
This is one of the best Chinese BBQ places in the area. The place gets uber busy. The roast pork and duck are excellent and the lady who cuts the meat does an excellent job. Note -they don't give sauce with the roast pork. However, be prepared for long wait times. Depending on your patience and how much you value time, you may want to go to Johnny's BBQ in the Chalmers plaza.
Authentic sushi - made by real Japanese sushi chefs!  Friendly staff and great sushi and rolls. The menu is all pictures, its a photo album. Can get really busy so make a reservation
How is this place still open? The absolute worst Korean BBQ place I've ever been to. The quality of the meats is terrible. Servers don't really care. Ventilation is bad, especially for a place where you cook your own food. Hopefully you're not one of the unfortunate souls that sit in the back of the restaurant, close to the restroom. It is so smokey back there you almost expect Dave Chappelle to appear dress as Rick James! Stay away
Looks like I've found the new best burger in the burbs. The hamburgers are flavourful, fresh and perfectly cooked. Seared on the flat top, the crisp edges are the perfect juxtaposition to the creamy, gooey cheese and soft bun. The best thing about this place is that the burger is large enough to be satisfying, but doesn't sit heavy. The fresh veggie toppings are simple and effective, and I love the fresh sauce. The fries are also perfectly crisp and tasty. Big fan.
I'm a big fan of the chicken here. It's moist, tasty and perfectly seasoned! I don't know what the secret is, but the chicken is consistently juicy and perfectly cooked! My only quarrel is the quality to price factor. Don't get me wrong, the chicken is phenomenal but it might be the most expensive grilled chicken that I've ever eaten. Beggars can't be choosers, and their peri-peri sauce is out of this world.
Mediocre as far as Indian food goes. It's relatively more authentic than fast food chains, substantially more expensive, and definitely doesn't hit the spot. Very disappointing.
Nonna's Oven is a favourite of mine. In a world of Italian restaurants that all too often pretend to be something they're not,  this place holds true to simple, fresh, home style food at a reasonable price. You're not going to come here for a upper-crust dining experience, but the pizza crust is the perfect crispy/chewy balance. The pasta reminds me of home, the calamari is tender and the tomato salad is perfect. Great neighbourhood Italian eatery.
Not the most impressive Chinese food you can find in Richmond Hill, but not bad. It lacks the authentic feel I like to see, and has the feel of Manchu Wok in a more Chinese environment. The BBQ pork was impressive, but other than that everything fell flat for me. The wonton soup was bland, the fried udon was mushy and the shrimp were undersized and over cooked. Why settle for mediocre Chinese in Richmond Hill?
Food is fresh, flavourful, but falls a little short on authenticity points. Food seems a little uninspired and generic, but it's not bad. Also didn't stretch very far on the value side, nothing offends me more than overpriced pasta.
A solo dinner last night gave me the opportunity to try a new place without the pressure of having to impress any company, and for some reason this place has been in my bookmarks for a while. Very clean, well-decorated and the service was a pleasant surprise.As for the food, not anything to return for. I decided to go for the dim sum and hit all the staples. Har gow, shiu mai, beef rice noodle rolls, shanghai pork dumplings and pan-fried pork and chive dumplings. Everything was pretty tasty, but it was far from impressive and nothing really hit the spot. The shrimp in the har gow was crunchy, the beef in the rice noodle roll was gummy, and the Shanghai dumplings were too doughy. On a positive note, the shiu mai were tender and flavourful, and the pan fried pork dumplings with chive are a must.Not sure I'd return, but most people seemed to go for the congee and other soups, so maybe I focused on the wrong part of the menu?
Stopped in to sample some of the delicious pork before I bring it home and I was very pleased. There's no frills here, just good Chinese BBQ. Tried the rice combo with BBQ and roast pork. The BBQ pork was well cooked, fatty and flavourful. The roast pork had perfectly crisp skin, excellent flavour and was very moist. Some of the best Chinese BBQ I've had in quite some time. They also add a very tasty garlic/ginger/onion medley to add a twist of flavour. It would be nice if there were some accompaniment options other than just rice, but definitely worth popping into.
All stars has really gone downhill since it was a single location operation in Markham. The wings tend to be greasy and oversauced, fries are always soggy and flavourless. You're always guaranteed at least one mutant-wing in every 10 you order which is either all fat/skin or has a broken bone that leaked blood and marrow into the meat. Anyway, I always avoid the chain, which is a shame because I was once a huge advocate until the awful drop in quality.
Big fan of Akane as a take-out Sushi joint. The portions are generous, the prices are very fair and the quality of Sushi is pretty good. It's not going to compare to some of the more upscale, dine-in options in Richmond Hill, but it's the perfect place to order a take-home boat for two so you can hang around and watch Netflix. I'd advise you to make sure you're familiar with the different varieties of fish ahead of placing an order for a platter or boat, because this isn't a salmon & tuna sushi place. You can expect to see a great variety, including scallop, shrimp, squid, mackerel, snapper, etc.
Mediocrity would be generous. Poor management, poor service, poor food. I wouldn't return but it seems their event nights are keeping them afloat.
Dumplings are one of my favorite aspects of Chinese cuisine and this place definitely delivers. This is a wonderful alternative to more expensive Northern Chinese restaurants like Asian Legend. The dumplings are amazing and offer great value. It's a no-nonsense type of establishment that offers up a very traditional menu of favorites. Keep it mind this place is cash only.
Can't really go wrong with anything at Joe's. The souvlaki, shawarma and burgers are all great options that deliver in quality and quantity. I usually opt for a shawarma salad, something somewhat unique to this establishment. Their tzatziki sauce is excellent and they make a very flavourful chili sauce as well.
Definitely one of the best sushi restaurants in York Region. The quality of the food is only surpassed by the attention to detail in presentation and ambiance. The staff is friendly, attentive and hospitable, and the food speaks for itself. This is all reflected in the price of the food, as it is fairly expensive, but no corners are cut. They offer some very interesting 'contemporary maki' that you'd be hard-pressed to find anywhere else. If you like it spicy, I highly recommend the Russian Roulette Roll.
The BBQ pork was the standout for me. I ordered the BBQ combo with two meats and white rice, but the duck was all bones, the rice was slightly overdone and the broccoli was soggy. The spring rolls weren't great, and the potstickers were average at best. If you can't impress me with the basics, I probably won't be back.
The sushi here is always consistent and delivers on taste and quality. There's nothing different or particularly interesting about this Japanese restaurant, but they do all the classics pretty well. The fish is always fresh and flavourful, and the décor is very traditional. They run lunch combos that offer some superb value as well.
Best Italian pizza in Richmond Hill hands down. Fresh, flavourful, top quality ingredients. Panzorotti are also top-notch, I opt for the baked option and definitely require a meat sauce. Haven't tried too much else as far as other menu options (pasta, veal, etc.) They also do a very tasty Caesar salad.
This used to be one of my benchmarks in Richmond Hill for well-priced and abundant Chinese fare, but in the last few months the quality of the food seems to be dropping and things have become a little average. The char siu was one of my favorite dishes because it was flavourful, crispy and well-executed, but has become too fatty, slightly undercooked and resembles boiled meat. The quality of the dim sum also has taken a turn for the worse. I've tried most of the items on the menu and it's quite a shame, I've been coming here for years but now look for some new options as far as a Hong Kong-style take-out in the area.
A fairly new location, much cleaner and more modern than the location at Oxford. A but more of a sports bar vibe here, and the service is a little better. People complain that the wings are small but at least they're all meat and not all fat/skin. I'm a fan of the flavours as there are quite a few options, but nothing as redundant and overdone as All Star's or Wild Wing. St Louis really wins me with their fries. Perfectly crispy on the outside and fluffy inside, and interestingly wave-cut. The house sauce that comes in the plastic package is also a signature that separates St Louis from the rest.
The magic noodle definitely lives up to its name. Hand-pulled noodles, made fresh to order for every dish. I decided on the triple B, beef broth with beef brisket, cilantro and spicy chilis. The meat was subpar, and the broth was above average, but the noodles were terrific, flavourful and had fantastic consistency. Worth a visit.
I'm very unimpressed with this place. First of all, when parked, the door and signs facing highway 7.. THIS IS THE BACK.... WTF? The door only said "please use other entrance" without any signs that tell you where to go. My lost ass wandered around until I peeked in like a creeper and saw that people were exiting in the back. Ugh.When walking in, there's a man just sitting at a desk but he's not a host.. he's literally just there. He looked up at us and had a look like "why are you just standing here.." until he eventually pointed us in through this long and dreary hallway, where we were surprised to see tables situated along the side of.. how completely AWKWARD would it be sitting there. Definitely would NOT like to see any random faces staring me down as they pass by while I'm enjoying a meal. Lucky for me, it doesn't look like I'll be enjoying anything here anytime soon.Upon sitting down (8pm), we were informed that we can't get the thing we came for (those heavenly pics of the baked spaghetti, carbonara.. in the brick toast). Apparently anything 'western' style was off limits because that chef had closed kitchen. Ummmm... but your restaurant closes at 11pm.. There's a first for everything and that was a first I've heard of a kitchen closing 3hrs early. She told me that chef finishes work at 7pm while the other one who can do all the other dishes is still working.. HUH??? The dishes are not in any means 'difficult' to make, so would it be that difficult hiring somebody who can do both? Or training both chefs to make all dishes on the menu? So inconvenient. We ended up ordering pineapple and soft-shelled crab fried rice and this chicken/corn soup. I also had this ice cream coffee thing because I was craving naughty foods. They were both meh and definitely something we could've gotten a bigger portion of for a cheaper price at congee queen. The soft-shell crab was saltier than the ocean it came from. We didn't 100% finish any of the dishes before leaving because our appetites were just not having it. +1 for service because honestly they were very nice and smiley, something you don't witness a lot in chinese restaurants. They smiled through the pain of a screaming child (who I almost cussed out) so props to them.
Let me start off by saying, the service was phenomenal and no other vietnamese/chinese establishment has ever left me so happy with the service. With a big group of 13 beautiful people, we sat down to enjoy a feast. I had called to reserve and the gentleman was super friendly (you know how you can tell their tone from their voice?) and when we got there, we were seated right away and they even told us we can move to two tables instead of one if we found it to be too squishy. We decided to sit at one, which held our party perfectly. We took a little longer to order because of different preferences of 'food-sharing' and we were not rushed at any point. When I ordered the platters, I didn't particular like the idea of 'chicken feet' and she was quick to offer me a bunch of items that I can switch it with for no additional cost. How sweet! Our food came and it was a beautiful, gorgeous feast! The curry crab that our party ordered was AMAZING. Huge and even thought it was over $120 for two, I think it's worth it to try. Having only tried the roti dipped into the curry part of the crab, I can stand witness to the fact that the curry was indeed delicious. The roti, although buttery and worth every bite, was so pricey! While the bread was cheap af, the 4 orders of roti could've ordered us another plate of appetizers and more. I guess that's what yelpers do.. we don't inquire about pricing and instead hop straight into eating. The mixed veggie fried rice, which was my main entree, was deliciouso. Perfectly cooked veggies and lots of carbs makes a girl happy. We took awhile splitting the bill and they never lost patience with us and even made gestures to help us pack up everything to go. Also, they treated all of us to their dessert - this traditional red bean pudding. Not my thing, but it was definitely nice of them.
Is there a secret code for guys to take you on a first date here?? I've been taken here for 3 different first dates- like they'll come pick me up and just go to turtle jack's with no warning. So it's literally deja vu over and over again.Meh, I didn't mind.Turtle jacks has a dark and muskoka atmosphere; it's a nice, cozy environment and I can definitely see why all the ladies men choose to take their lady friends here. The service at turtle jack's is pretty consistent- never AMAZING but never rude. I remember once my date for the night and I stayed behind way after last call, and the waiters all put up the chairs (a sign meaning "..hey.. you can go whenever now..") but they never rushed us out. The food is ok.. nothing to brag about but nothing gross. I've had their chicken fingers here, which was meh (I prefer mcdonald's nuggets to be honest). I've also had their greek salad with chicken on top. Also meh, nothing memorable. In the end, all I can say is this restaurant is 'A-ok'
Huh???!!?! I didn't rate this place?? Say whaaaa? This is undeniably one of the bomb-est place in r-hilly for some great authentic and health-concious korean food. Seriously, the owner used to be a body builder (her pic is on the wall, dark tan and all), so the food is made with extreme consideration on health, oil usage and definitely zero traces of MSG. The menu is a bit small, but they're extremely good at what they specialize in - the pork busan soup. Every person I've taken here has fallen in love with how authentic, delicious and hearty it tastes. It comes with these boiled pork slices, which is a crowd favourite. I always get the soon tofu without the seafood and egg and it's flavoured with just the right amount of everything. With rice, I'm all carbed up and ready to go. They give you loads of kimchi, in this little cute pot. & Their banchan changes every day because it's never the same, each time I've been here.The parking lot is ridiculous and apparently nobody knows how to use a one way? There are always so many hondas and toyotas that just get stuck, like a deer in headlights. Lord, help me.I'll still return to ho shin tang though.Ps. I love how you can write on the wall - so cute! Try to find me and my yelp sig ;)
Yum! Who knew such a gem was in r-hilly?! Apparently a lot of you do, because I am SOOO late on this one. Again, the amazing Kris U introduced this beauty of a sushi joint and I AM IN LURRRVE. Service is on point = quick, friendly and ears of a hawk - they had new chopsticks brought over to our table before the original ones barely hit the ground. The menu is huge and there are a lot of veggie options that are actually FILLING. I had the yam + avocado roll on the lunch menu and it was super filling.. it was actually a struggle.. like, survival of the fittest. It wasn't just the yam, but they had this entire heap of yam tempura on top of the yam rolls. Nom. The speciality rolls are larger than life and piled with all sorts of ingredients. The sushi boat looked gorgeous - seriously, I love when sushi is put on boat plates. So cute. It's enough to fill two people, I think. I also love sitting inside the little traditional japanese booths. They even have a little curtain that you can pull down to protect yo' privacy. This is only 10 minutes away from my house and I just discover it now?! I feel like I've missed out on a lifetime of delicious and fresh sushi.
Awesome place for a Markham/Richmond hill bar! If you're an avid bar hopper and enthusiast like myself, you know that there are barely any good bars and brew houses in the area but 3 Brewers has done it! Really big place that took over the melting pot! FINALLY RIGHT! That melting pot has been waiting to melt since 5ever ago. The restaurant is probably one of the biggest in the east beaver creek area, with a looooong bar and tables all around.. And a patio! The tall tables are a bit weird though, comfy but uncomfy at the same time- for such tall tables, you'd think they'd screw it down to the floor so people don't come tumbling down.. especially after they've had a few pints. This gastropub looks like a gem you'd find uptown. The service is really good and they are super helpful! The drinks are awesome! Unique and delicious beer cocktails, YUM.....The menu is pretty big and unique- never seen a place in GTA with nocoise salad ("your mother is so stupid, she goes to Barneys rooftop deck and orders a nocoise salad and calls it a nocoy salad" -white chicks reference, anyone?) I got the pulled pork sandwich and OUUUU, deliciouso! Super tended and flavourful pork in a baguette... mmmm, 10/10 would get again. The portions are not really big for the price but meh, it's bar food price. Overall, I would come back again! Nice atmosphere and food. However, I'm not too fond of the area- People that look like they've never driven a day in their lives before taking over the parking lot. I hate going to bars in the same city I live in due to fear of running into people I know, but I guess I'll risk it for this cool place!
2 stars simply because the pho.. oh nooooo.. The store itself is clean and I never have to wait too long (thank god pho is the fast food of vietnam). The service is fast and the food comes faster, so nothing to complain about there. I've tried the viet vermicelli, which I've always enjoyed so nothing is off about that! Fresh meat and chewy noodles, mmm... how do I always manage to make myself hungry through my reviews.. oh man. My boyfriend has tried the satay beef noodles, which was pretty good- not really satay at all but it had a great thick spice to it.. however, it was a bit oily. Now.. the pho.. oh goodness. Now, I don't mind the thickness of the noodle at all, in fact the noodles are the best part of this disaster. Chewy, textured and not overcooked- great! The beef was hard and stiff without much flavour, and the broth was just.. meh? It didn't leave me with the usual satisfying feeling I have when I eat pho, which sucks!! I've also had this coconut milk with jelly before and it was SO gross! Coconut milk is already sweet by itself and doesn't need additional sugar!! It was sweet to the point where I couldn't continue on after a sip..All in all.. not a good pho place, but I'd come back if I was in the immediate area looking for a quick bite! Sticking with the satay noodles if I want a warm meal next time!
Probably the only reason I come to Times Square. I am definitely about the noodle life and this is the noodle life on steroids. So delicious! You can customize your own noodles by picking a soup base (no msg fish soup as advertised) or a spicy one (peanut one is really interesting). You can also choose your meats and veggies plus your noodles! They've got a lot of options actually and it's always interesting to come here and try something new. The prices have gone up though! It used to be around $8 but now it's close to $10 for the combo. However, I do still like to come here for a good treat. Another plus is that I've never had to wait for seats and then shortly after, there's a huge line piling out the door. BLESS MY LUCKY SOUL. One thing I hate is the parking lot! Plenty of dumb drivers driving cars they don't know how to. I like getting spots right in the front even though it's hard to. There's also underground parking right beside the restaurant!
This place is such a gem in richmond hill! Not an avid visitor of thai restaurants, I was so happy to find this one in my area, even though it's been around for awhile.Restaurant has nice aesthetic and it's clean, unlike a lot of asian-run restaurants. The staff are really quick, attentive and friendly. I was offered a vegetable coconut curry noodle after they found out I don't eat meat, and it wasn't even on the menu! So much appreciation for people like this. The dish was piping out, and came in a good portion. Enough to make me full, not too much so I didn't have to waste. The noodle looked so good that the person sitting in the table beside actually asked us what it was.Generally a great place in richmond hill and if you're a local, definitely check it out! It's so worth it.
Ugh.I went in tonight after a dinner at st.louis, which is almost right beside it, for a sundae with my boyfriend. It was 11pm when we entered, and I thought 'wow this mcdonald's is really nice on the inside. Looks modern!' ...turns out that was the only good thing about it. We waited around 20 minutes to ORDER. There was nobody at the till and 3 people running around in the back serving the drive thru. This asian man in a white shirt looked at us several times but made no effort to get someone to serve us. Then at 10 minutes in, I asked the guy "hey, can anybody come help us out here?" and he was like "ok give me a minute" ...after 10 minutes, the manager for that night came and took our orders without much of an apology. Then as we waited for our sundaes, he told us to take a seat because it won't be ready anytime soon and when it is, he will deliver it to our table. We sat down and waited... and waited.. and waited. Also! We had to be quite choosy about where we sat because many of the tables had not been wiped down- there was lettuce and sauce all over a few tables and some were disgustedly sticky. Gross.At 11:46pm, our ice creams finally came and the manager just said 'sorry, our machines were broken...' ..however, we witnessed him serving 10-15 cars in the drive thru window. Since when did drive thru customers matter more than the customers inside the actual store?! Ice cream..... does NOT take 25 minutes to make. When we left, the trash can was overflowing and sticky, it was disgusting.They're severely understaffed.. I've visited other mcdonalds at 2-4am and it was quicker than that. By the way... can anybody give the restaurant # for me? It's on top of the receipt, which we did receive. I want to make a formal to headquarters.
I didn't find this place memorable at all, so I didn't write any reviews on it. But now, since I have a midterm this week, what better time to waste time than now? Live in the moment, am I right?ANYWAYS! Magic Noodle is 'aight. The place is big, certainly bigger than the other one in scarbs. It's also clean and has that new restaurant look to it- let's see how long they can keep that up. Many times I go into this plaza, the restaurant is extremely crowded so I just avoid. It shares a small lot with mcdonalds and st Louis.. and also this other soup place nobody really goes to. Parking is hell during dinner rush, oh goodness... The service is quick and blunt, and they all speak mandarin, which they'll sputter continuously out to you, even though you can't understand a word. The noodles come quickly, and they're mediocre. I know they're handpulled and it sure does look cool as they're throwing down the show, but it really tastes like nothing special. I love noodles but this wasn't doing it for me. I like the fact that I didn't taste any MSG in it, and the broth was fresh though. I also got this sweet potato pancake thing, and it was absolutely delicious. So yummy, although a bit oily. I'd so come back just to get it. I'm not saying I wouldn't come back here, but is it worth all that hype? To the point where I can overhear people raving about it in public? Nah, son.
Tsuki izakaya is not located at a great location, it's huge but there is not enough people to fill it up, just because it's in richmond hill and not a lot of people come here for izakayas or are aware that there is even an izakaya here. The servers are really quick and friendly, and will help you right away. Every time I've went, there's never been more than 2-3 other groups in the entire restaurant, making it uncomfortably quiet.The waitresses/kitchen staff all attempt to create the atmosphere though, because they yell hello when you come in. The food has big portions, and the prices are equivalent to those portions so it's pretty worth it. I've never tried the drinks here, so can't say anything about that.The setup of the food is quite nice!It's average, and I can't say more than that.
My only question to this restaurant is "why has your credit card machine been broken down for a gazillion years?" It's clear that they don't want to use it anymore because of taxable fees, but don't give people the hope of ever paying with their card again by claiming it's an 'inconvenient broken down machine'. Cash only, boo boos. I actually enjoy how big this restaurant is. The decor is definitely Malaysian style. It's cute. The service here is a little rushed, as if they want to rush you to your seat, stuff you with carb-packed malay food and then rush you out. Sometimes the food comes out quickly while other dishes take so long that you wonder if they've forgotten about it.The food is a tad above average, except for the Tom yum soup- that tasted way weird and off. Not tom yum at all. It was a bit bland too. The rice dishes and curry dishes are tasty and I wouldn't mind eating them now and then. I don't come here often because I'm not at the level of adult where I have cash on me all the time. They would have so much more business if their card machine wasn't 'broken'. Haha.
If you want overpriced average bubble tea, this is your place.Food has it's ups and downs. Some of the stuff is really yummy while the others are "meh... it'll have to do" My favourite thing to get here is the ma po to fu rice - it's A LOT of rice though, so carb-haters.. avoid! The ma po to fu is made with just the right amount of spiciness. You also get like 4-5 lettuce leaves on the side, which they try to pass off as a salad. The snacks are okay.. everything is salted just a weeeee too much. Sodium overload? I think so. The popcorn chicken is my favourite there and it's not even that good. It's more pricey than most other popcorn chicken places though but it's not that much better. There is sometimes those soft chewy bones inside the popcorn chicken.. which makes it NOT popcorn chicken anymore.The drink sizes are getting smaller and smaller every time I come here.. the large used to be huge and now they're definitely cheaping out AND charging you 7$ for it. Okay?! The normal milk tea is not that good either.The restaurant is pretty big, and has a lot of space. I really like the decor of it, and that's why this used to be my place when I was in high school. Oh, young me.. thinking I was cool, hanging in destiny.The service has improved by a percentage of 100. They used to ignore you and never smile, but now the servers are always smiley and trying their best to help you. Good job destiny!I guess this is a place you'd come to if you needed a place to catch up with friends, but still .... naaaah.
Alice fazooli's facelift is absolutely lovely.Scaddabush, which I didn't even know was a chain, is definitely a place I need to go back to. Now, I rarely crave italian food.. or any 'white' food in general, but I definitely had to go try this new place in the 'hotspot' of that little gap between markham and richmond hill. Upon walking in, it's great to see how they've closed up the useless space of the front, where Alice Fazooli's had wasted and you no longer have to walk 2 miles to get to the hostess. Speaking of.. where was the hostess?! Nobody was in sight and I may as well have been invisible because every staff member that looked over, chose to look away. Eventually, the bartender came over and tried to seat us but it was clear it was not his forté, and he led us around the restaurant to 3 potential areas, until deciding on a tall table. These tall tables are small and pretty uncomfortable, but since it was just me and my date, we didn't mind. Our waitress, Steph, came in minutes and she was extremely soft-spoken and friendly. For some reason, listening to her talk just relaxed me- that's how gentle her voice was. (watch her be reading this and feel creeped out.. sorry LOL) She was kind and apologetic towards any wait any table had to endure and definitely a great server.The menu is typical, with sandwiches/pastas/pizzas, but there are also fresh mozzies made to order at scaddabush, which seems really interesting and I'd definitely like to try it. The pizzas were amazing and they were served like flatbread with a pair of scissors to cut them as you wish. Extremely fresh and cheesy- just the way he likes it. I ordered the bolognese, and I was delighted to see that they served a 'small'!! Not being a common eater of carbohydrates, my body finds it harder to digest wheat (not gluten free though, thank goodness).. anyway, the small was the PERFECT size for me. In fact, it was still a bit too much and I was definitely STUFFED. The pasta was fresh and texturized, which is a good factor, I guess. It also had a lot of flavour! Since this is one of the few restaurants that offer a small portion, I'll definitely be back to try the other pastas!! ...and perhaps the rosemary garlic fries. (Just thinking of that name makes me drool)
If you're comparing it to ramen places all over Toronto, this place doesn't even cut it close. If you're comparing it to ramen around the GTA, this place is better than most. I was glad to come try it out, especially with it being close to my house. I know this place is a chain but I've never tried it so I was definitely excited as I pulled up the the parking lot. Tables are wooden and the place is wide and open. There weren't a lot of people here but I can definitely see it being packed with high school kids wandering over from bayview secondary during the lunch hour. If I was still in high school, this shit would be up my alley. The service was extremely quick and friendly. They were always smiley and came over several times to check up on us. One thing about the menu that's weird is the fact that they charge an extra $1.50 for pork soup base when it's kind of a basic thing for any ramen place. I ordered the red spicy base with pork belly/soy sauce/thick noodle & it was enjoyable. Broth was medium-rich and the noodles were super chewy and texturized. One thing though, the portions were the tiniest I've ever seen. For anyone with a larger appetite, you're definitely not going to be satisfied. Also ordered the karaage and the takoyaki, which was were both alright. Takoyaki was doughy and packed full of octopus but it definitely had too much sauce all over it, which was too overpowering. Overall, an okay place in rhill for ramen. Would probably come back.
OMG so good!I haven't been able to stay away. This location is good too because it is not as sketch as the one near york university.They have a bunch of different kabobs and dinner meals - the workers will explain what they are to you nicely if you need help.My favourite is the barg kabob dinner: it's huge chunks of steak pieces with salsa, salad and kabilee rice - I hate rice, but this type of rice is so texturized and flavourful... YUM!!!!The prices aren't bad because the portions are huge. I can split up one meal into lunch and dinner and I'll be good to go for the day. All the dinners are ranged from $10-$14All dinners also come with freshly baked afgan naan ... I don't eat bread often but this bread is mouth watering... it's so fresh that it smells amazing and melts warmly in your mouth. Ugh. So good.The restaurant is never busy. It's a foodcourt type of restaurant where you order and they'll call your name. However, they have very comfortable and clean seats that reminds me of some other generic restaurants like kelsey's. I also recommend the mango smoothie!! Straight up extracted from a ripe mango. At least, that's what it tastes like.
First and last thing you need to know: alice fazooli's has the best bread of life. It's freshly baked from the oven, stretches as you pull it apart and when it's dipped into the olive oil/herb dip they provide.. it's heaven.The other stuff is pretty good as well - definitely a carb filled meal, if you ask me.I like the pasta. The sauce is good and it's super filling. The reason I like it is because it has gluten free options that don't taste differently from regular pasta. I had the carbonara, and I was full when I was not even 3/4 done. The chicken panini is also grilled to perfection, you must try!Service is alright, they're always smiley and happy to serve you- that is, if they can be found. One thing I love about alice is the interior, it's very dark and vampy with old fashioned lighting and seats. I'm into that.I would recommend this for an italian meal!
NEW CHATIME AND BAKECODE ALL IN ONE? I'm there!Sooooo hillcrest has definitely gotten a facelift since I saw it last, and I was glad the chatime was right at the entrance of the mall, near hudson's bay (which looks stunning by the way). This chatime is fairly large, probably because there's a bake code too. There's half of the store, which is asian bakery style- you go around, grab your shit and pay for it. Most of the bread there is worth it.. you won't find a similar taste anywhere else. I definitely had to go for the fresh mentaiko bread (tastes like sushi/flying fish roe on a baguette, I swear!) ever since trying it at the yelp elite chatime event. Freshly baked, it's absolutely delicious and well worth the $5. The other breads and buns are also so fresh, warm and yummy! Soooo good and satisfying. The drinks are consistent with any other chatime drinks but their grand opening BOGO deal has pre-determined 'free' drinks (so you can't just pick any drink). They are also extremely packed, so people in the back making the bubble tea are forced to come to the front to take orders, which they're obviously unfamiliar with. The wait was quite a while, but for bake code, it was damn worth it!! There's also this huge glass window thing where you can see the guy making your bread. Nice! I'd definitely come back if I was in the area.
I always question my teenage self on why I used to love this place so much... so much to the point where when I was in my first year of university, I was 5'4 at 160lbs. I BLAME YOU, DEMETRES! And my lack of control back then.Almost 4 years later, I'm here trying it again for the first time in forever (cue the frozen soundtrack) .. and I am just not impressed.Sure, your store is super cute and you have adorable names for your desserts (Hey Sexy latte - sooo cute!) But no. No no no. $9 is NOT worth it for a simple sundae that is wayyy too sweet.Their crepes/waffles are their hot sellers - they're piled with ice cream, fruit, brownies, and other random sweet things. Too much? Yes.. a little too much. At $12, it's something you'd eat maybe once a year and be like 'k my sugar intake has overloaded.' Their prices keep going up and they stay popular because it seems to be a ideal 'date night' for many of our youth out there.The service is pretty good at demetres, hence the extra stars! They're really kind and they pay attention to small things and unlike some other dessert joints, they actually have manners. And plus, tall and cute asian waiters bringing me food? Yes please!So verdict- yes, it is worth a try. No, do not eat it more than once a few months or else your scale will have something to say about that.
Staple asian dessert in Markham, which is a treat. The place is very cute and unfortunately very small. Needless to say, this place is LIT in the summer. Every asian in markham is piling out of those inconvenient doors to dessert kitchen. (the doors are messed.. the first one is push and the 2nd one is pull.. they're too close to each other and they touch when both are open at the same time.. jeez) The desserts are okay.. some of them are so good and others are 'wtf, you're charging people for this??' The egg pudding in the egg shells are so cute and definitely yummy, but a dollar each?! Try 50 cents instead. It's definitely not worth a dollar for 2 bites of pudding in an egg. The portions are very small! Definitely 1/4 of a size smaller than most asian desserts. My fave is the mango ho fun.. so filled with mango, sago and their specialty- ho fun! It's this chewy noodle-like thing in the desserts, and I love the texture of it! I really like asian desserts because they're not sweet at all, and most of them are made through fruits. They also have a durian series *___* drooool. Mango durian sago.. oh goooodness! I definitely want to order EVERYTHING. Prices are high, considering that everything is so small and can be made so cheaply. Not going to lie, still good though.+ Service is bad.. when it's busy, they're running around like chickens with a head cut off. Last night, it was only us two in the whole place and the girl working stood behind the counter the entire time, not looking up from her phone. It took us over 4 minutes of raising our hand and saying 'excuse me' and she still couldn't hear us. We ended up having to go up to the counter to pay and apparently I ended up 'scaring' them because I came out of nowhere.. LOL.. not a fan of that!
I should start with a disclaimer: I'm a big meat eater. My friends nicknamed me carnivore in high school because of it. When my mom said she wanted to try a vegetarian place I was hesitant to say the least but this place definitely didn't make me miss the meat. The star off was mainly for the uncomfortable chairs and tables and that it wasn't really "gourmet" cuisine. We got the assorted gluten and bean curd ($5.50), veggie steak with BBQ sauce ($8.99) and fried rice with tomato and cream sauce ($10.99). We also asked for less oil and no msg which is always a nice option to have since Chinese food tends to be on the greasy msg-y side. The portions were good for the price and we only finished about 2/3 of the food with enough leftovers for the next day. I love assorted bean curds so no complaints there other than they could've cut the pieces a little smaller so it'd be more bite size. Big dish for $5.50 too!The "steak" with BBQ sauce was pretty good too. The texture was very meat-like and it had pineapples, celery and green/red peppers. There was a little too much sauce for my liking but that's just personal preference. I liked the rice the most out of the 3 dishes. The sauces were made well and the rice was flavourful and fragrant. There were these imitation squid pieces on the cream side that I can only describe the texture in Chinese but I really liked it. They also give complimentary dessert soup and we got the cashew flavour. All their dessert soups are homemade and you can definitely tell. It was delicious. So good we got the walnut dessert soup ($4.50) to bring home for later and it was amazing! Nothing like homemade dessert soup. There's so many different dishes we will definitely be back to try more!
I've gotten take out here before and finally got a chance to come for lunch today. From the few times I've come there's been a line and it doesn't move that quickly. The lady chopping the meat really takes care to chop and arrange it everything nicely in the take out containers so I can appreciate that. There's only bar stools and a little table for 4 on the corner so don't expect a dine in experience. I've only tried the BBQ pork (char siu) and roasted pork (siu yok) so far and both are excellent. The BBQ pork is nicely marinated with lots of flavour and not dry even with the leaner pieces. The roasted pork has an excellent crispy skin that makes a satisfying crunch sound when u bite into it. I got the small rice box and it came to $6.75 which is pretty cheap but there wasn't as much meat as I was expecting. Still filled me up so no complaints. My mom also says the BBQ pork is expensive at $8.99/lb when other places have it at $6.99-$7.99/lb but this place does it consistently well so I'll still pay it. All in all, this place is a little delicious hole in the wall.
This place opened recently near where I live so I went there with my family to try it out since there aren't that many HK style cafes near us. Interior: I'd say nicer than regular HK style cafes with hardwood floors and tables. There's 2 TVs on each side of the restaurant, one playing Chinese and one on CP24. Seats were pretty comfortable as well with plenty of tables available. Service: One of the waitresses we had (a little older with short hair and glasses) seemed to be having a bad day. I'm giving her the benefit of the doubt since it's our first time there but she was very abrupt and didn't smile at all. Seemed impatient when taking our order and didn't give us chopsticks to eat the hoinan chicken with until we asked another waitress who was much more pleasant (we had forks but it's easier with chopsticks). Food: Everything was pretty average. Nothing outstanding but not bad either. - Hoinan chicken with rice ($8.99) came with a soup, had a good amount of chicken and the rice was done well. - Mixed meat grill ($14.99) came with soup, salad, dinner roll, and a drink. I shared this with my mom. The soup I got was corn and egg drop I think? It was pretty standard soup, nothing special. Roll came with butter and it was light and warm. The "salad" was only lettuce with some dressing on it lol. Now for the meat! It came with beef, chicken, pork, a sausage, piece of bacon, veggies and choice of rice, spaghetti, or fries. You can also choose ur own sauce like black pepper, gravy, onion, etc. We got the gravy with rice. It was a good portion, definitely a lot for 1 person but it wasn't enough to split between 2 hungry people. I think it could've used more gravy and the beef didn't have much taste so I had to eat it with the bacon to get some flavour. Chicken and pork were good though. For the drink we got the HK style milk tea and it was pretty good, not watered down which I was worried about since a couple other reviewers mentioned that. All in all I would probably come back again, maybe for the afternoon tea or to try the breakfast since they're so close.
Came with my mom for dinner on a Thursday and it wasn't too busy. We were seated right away and since we already looked at the menu we already knew what we wanted. We got 1 arancini ($4.50), a pasta alla vodka with spaghetti ($12.95) and the meat lovers pizza ($13.95). The arancini was humongous. I knew it was going to be big from the other reviews but it was still a surprise. It was a little thick to swallow but the sauce helped that. I wish there was more of it. I think that's what really filled us up since we could only eat half the pasta and half the pizza after. The pasta has a good flavour with the rose sauce and little pancetta bacon bits in it. I liked the pizza more than the pasta. There was a generous amount of meat and I like the thin crust. There was also this chilli oil they gave and I couldn't get enough of it. I put that sh*t on everything. The table next to us got calamari which looked and smelled amazing so I will def come back to try that and the rest of the menu. This is the closest Italian place to us that's actually decent and the portions to the price isn't bad at all.
I've had lunch here a few times with coworkers since it's so close to my work. The lunch buffet is $14.99 which is a pretty good deal since a regular plate off the menu is about the same price. The servers are polite and seat us right away. Food:The buffet has a LOT of selection. There's plenty of options for vegetarians and meat lovers alike. We usually go around 12 and the food is pretty fresh since they open at 11:30 so nothing's been sitting out for too long. I like the tandoori chicken and goat curry the most. They also have yummy apps selections that are vegetarian like veggie pakoras, samosas, etc. The food options also change frequently because the dishes weren't exactly the same every time we went. I always leave full and satisfied. Not bad at all for buffet!
Came on a Monday night with my dad and there were a few tables filled. I ordered the dinner combo with Tom yum soup, chicken skewers and the pad Thai with chicken and shrimp. My dad ordered the hainan chicken and rice also with Tom yum soup and beef skewers instead. The Tom yum soup was nice and hot with a good amount of spicy and sour taste. My dad and I had one of each of the chicken and beef skewers which were delicious along with the peanut sauce that came with it. The pad Thai I got had a good flavour but the noodles were just slightly harder than I would've liked. I'm not sure if they can do it spicy as I forgot to ask but I think a little heat would've made it even better. I tried the chicken from my dads dish which was juicy and delicious as well. He said the rice was also very aromatic and went along with the chicken great. They also gave complimentary dessert. A little bowl of sago dessert soup with red bean and some other stuff (ja ja in Chinese). Overall the food was definitely good. The service was also good. The ladies were helpful and friendly although when my dad's dish came there was a little piece of hair in it. The waitress apologized and was going to change it but my dad said it was fine and just didn't eat the piece that touched the hair (I think he was hungry...). They gave us a 10% discount on the bill as well which I wasn't expecting. The total came to about $29 which was reasonable for the amount of food. I will def be back to try the curry and Indonesian chicken that other Yelpers talked about.
Came here for lunch today with a group of coworkers. They didn't have the lunch specials shown on their website anymore so we had to take a few extra mins to decide what to eat. I got the non vegetarian thali which included tandoori chicken tikka, lamb curry, salad, daal (lentil stuff), raita (yummy yogurt sauce), naan and rice for $14. Couldn't finish it but I tried. The chicken tikka was prob the best part. It was green instead of the usual red but it was freshly made right in front of us. Flavour was awesome and the meat was tender. I could've ate a whole plate of just that. Lamb curry was also good but I would've liked a bit of spice since everything was mild. Everything else was pretty standard to a thali dish and there was also a gulab jamun as the dessert sweet. This is basically like a denser timbit soaked in syrup but in a good way. The service was good but the food took about 20 mins to come out which normally would be fine but we only had an hour lunch so be prepared for that. I will def be coming back for the tandoori!
Got the early bird special - $4.99 for 3 eggs, sausage, home fries and toast. Such a good deal! Good portion and the waitress was very nice. The special is from 7am to 9/10am I believe.
Came here for dinner with my dad on a Monday night and it wasn't too busy. The menu is extensive but a lot more expensive than regular Hong Kong style cafes. They also had quite a few servers but the kitchen was pretty slow. We waited about 15 mins for my dads baked pork chop on rice with tomato sauce and then I had to wait about another 15 mins to get my baked "garoupa". My dad was already done eating at that point but he said it was just alright. While the fish on my rice was a good size, it was just one of those frozen tilapia fillets you can get at any grocery store (they prob got it at the freshco next door when it was on sale) so I could taste the fishy-ness even under all the cream sauce. I did like the sauce with the rice and the portion was big but at $10.99 I expected more. I probably won't be back cuz I can better tasting baked rice dishes that are cheaper if I just drove down to hwy 7.
Excellent service !Awesome popcorn chicken , great batter Disappointed in smelly tofu, no chilly sauce but otherwise it was good !My boyfriend loved the deep fried pork belly.
My new favourite restaurant. A place to bring your friends and family if you want to impress them! Their food is amazing ! It's flavourful without the MSG like a lot of Chinese/ Chinese fusion restaurant would have. I love their variety and they don't cheap out on the ingredients with the dishes they bring to the table. Seafood bisque soup - delicious ! Don't know how to describe if. Almost like curry texture but not as thick Chicken skewers with peanut sauce - so good so good! Great appetizer. If you re a fan of skewers and peanut this is the dish for you. Lamb chops - extremely tender and moist. Gigantic baked oysters - firstly did you see the size of them ? Mouthful of oyster meat in every bite, extremely savouryChicken skin appetizer - didn't think chicken skin can taste so good till today Fish - blacked fish ? Can't remember how it was cooked but it was crispy on the out side because of the fish skin and soft and tender on the inside Deep fried Vitanamnese spring roll - I would come here just for this if not hungry. Never had a spring roll so full of stuffing and so good !Seafood fried rice with curry sauce - must get. Very different from other fried rice. Almost like a French fusion vitanamnese fried riceCurry crab - ultimate dish. Also their signature dish. Their curry is made extremely well. You can dip the curry with the complimentary roti or bread ! Must try if you re coming here and if you want to impress your guests. Lychee coconut slush - really good ! Not too sweet, yet could taste the fruity goodness. Vietnamese coffee - a new authentic experience to drinking coffee This restaurant can cater up to about max 12 guest per table so it'll be a great place for large family dinners as well as for special occasions.I enjoy the atmosphere of the restaurant. The waiter and waitresses are polite and nice. They are children friendly and provide high chairs for the families who needs it. My only regret is not knowing about this restaurant before and missing out on this great food !
If it weren't for my groupon I'd give it a 1 star. I'd rather come here and spend my money on the macaroons and wouldn't waste it on afternoon tea even if it's a groupon. Lack of customer service. Waitress inattentive, most of the pastries or baked goods were dry. I'd rate the Scarborough location higher, 3/5 for the variety of scones and pasties tasted  better as well
Ambiance/decor-4Service-3Food-4Strikeouts-1/3We Went here for my dad's birthday for lunch and left with mixed impressions. There's definitely a few hit or misses here.  First turn off which is where I would give my strike is the lack of courtesy. Easily ordered the most expensive dishes on the menu, which included 6 salads and miso soups. We had 7 people, and common business sense dictates that a complementary salad and soup be provided. This was not the case, we were given the excuse that the $69.99 sashimi platter doesn't come with it. I would understand if we only ordered like 6 combos, we ordered 6 plus a really expensive dish. It's literally the cost of $1. That's like tea money.Now the quality of food was definitely good. Good cuts of sashimi, good rolls with the combos, and definitely decent ramen. From the lunch special, do not order the "dons". It is a complete rip off. The size was tiny!!!! It was the smallest don I've ever seen. I swear they priced it for $12 and decided to up it to $18 before tax.For lunch, you should get the ramen, now that's bang for buck right there. Not the best soup base, ingredients, or noodles, but it was all done right to a decent quality. For the cost, you get a salad, miso soup, maki(roll), and the ramen. My girlfriend personally got the oyster ramen, and it's definitely enough to fill a normal person. Sharing is whole other story though. We also saw the sushi/maki lunch specials, and they were definitely worth the price also assuming the fish quality was consistent.We also ordered from the dinner menu, and I can saw don't order the sashimi, 35 piece set. The presentation was a bit sad and the variety a bit lacking. I expected at least Uni to be there, but it wasn't. Much better off ordering a la carte at this place if you want your money's worth for the quality of raw fish. Do not get the bento A dinner. It's $23.99 for a bunch of vegetarian food that's worth like $10 when you put it all together. It was tofu(bean curd) sushi, more tofu, veggie tempuras, avacodo maki and edamame. I was pretty underwhelmed. The only redeeming part of the whole dinner was their coffee/mocha dessert pudding, which was sadly probably their best dish. However, they did give us 7 this time opposed to 6, because they probably heard the disappointment in my voice when I asked about the salad/miso soup. Overall, this place is average at best, I would solely only go here if I was close by and wanted some  good a la carte sushi and the ramen. Definitely, not a place to go with big groups.
Ambiance/decor-5Service-5Food-5Strikeouts-0/3We've been here twice and each time, and each time it's been a pleasure. Exceptional service, and people here are actually Japanese. This place isn't that large, but don't let that deter you from making group plans. They were very accommodating for birthday parties and such. The specialty here is the rolls, the size is HUGE. Much bigger than your typical restaurant and the taste is there to back it up. The rice is done right, the seaweed actually sticks, and the roll actually stays all together. Quite honestly, We've never seen a restaurant make rolls this well in all of the GTA. This exact location is actually worth the travel if you're not looking for the authentic Japanese cuisine, but the westernized Japanese cuisine. That is why if you compare this place to any other just normal mom&pop japanese restaurants, this one takes the cake.Definitely come to this restaurant! I would definitely book ahead if you go during prime time.
Ambiance/decor-3Service-5Food-5Strikeouts-0/3Came here for family dinner for 14 so our dinner was huge! Lots of dishes and each one exceeded the next in my opinion.We opened up with Peking duck not only included a tiny show showing them peel the duck on a stand for us, but also was probably the best Peking duck I've had in a while. This was done real well. Not too gamey, not too loose, it was the perfect medium. Plus, they have a shit ton of toppings to put into the wrap and there was enough wraps in one go to use up all the Peking duck. The next dish that surprised me was the beef dish. It tasted very different from usual for some reason. It was definitely the sauce that changed it all up and it made the meat so juicy!! I was enjoying it so much that if I mixed the juice with white rice, the combo would be deadly!!! Deadly delicious!!The last dish that was easily the best dish in my opinion was the semi deep fried EEL. The breading tasted delicious with both sweet Thai-ish flavour but also very crispy *drool*. This dinner made me very happy despite having stomach problems the last few days. I forced myself to eat more than I could.
Was here for lunch with a friend on the weekend. I arrived just before noon so didn't need to wait for a seat. I do suggest arriving early as the place gets filled up very quickly. Looked like they were short staffed that day as it took a long while to place our order and for our food to arrive. The food was average but price is pretty decent, we ordered the pan fried dumplings ~$7 and the popcorn chicken lunch special ~$9. There are many places nearby on hwy 7 that serves several food choices and would recommend trying those out instead.
Usually come here for Dim Sum and love what it has to offer. Like many other reviews suggested, get here early- we usually get a table by 9am latest to avoid the queue. And there is ALWAYS a line up. My friends and I decided to switch it up a bit and come here for dinner. We made reservations as the place is usually busy, good thing we did b/c the place filled up within an hour after we arrived. There are set dinners and individual dishes to choose from. We got the pumpkin and seafood soup (~$15), Yeung Chow fried rice (~$15) and a veggie dish (~$15). Not the cheapest chinese food you can get in the area, but definitely worth the price and the portions are generous as well. We had left overs of the fried rice and we were stuffed! They also gave us complimentary desserts which included Chinese pastries and red bean soup. Loved the red bean soup most as it was not too sweet.
Glad to have Chinese food options without having to go to Hwy 7! This has become my weekend lunch regular spots. The restaurant is spacious and the decor inside is quite modern as well. Pretty good service, the servers are polite and food is brought over fairly quickly. Some of my favourite dishes are the Congee with Salted Pork and Century Egg and fried Taiwanese vermicelli. The side snacks like fried chinese crullers are great options as well. They also have BBQ options available, great for takeouts. Prices are very decent, highly recommend.
Price was typical to other Vietnamese restaurants around $7-10 depending on what you order. The food however made us very thirsty and the service was average.Came here on early Friday night with a friend. The parking lot is very small and there is no other parking lots nearby so be mindful that you may not be able to park. The restaurant was quite empty when we arrived, however it fulled very quickly. I ordered an ice coffee ($3.5) and a rice paper roll with vietnamese sausage ($6). Coffee and appetizer was flavourful, however as stated before, we were thirsty the entire name as the food was likely filled with msg. Will not likely come back again.
This is a great place to eat in the Richmond Hill area! We headed there to grab dinner here at around 9pm and even at that time there was about a 20 min wait. Table turnover rates are high, but we had a party of 5 so it took a bit longer to wait for the bigger table. We all went for the signature $8.75 build you own noodle combo and it comes with a Chinese milk tea. You get to choose your broth, 2 toppings (it's $1.50 each for additional toppings) and type of noodle.  If you want cold it's additional $1.75 and for their signature milk tea it's another $1. There are also side specials that you can order for $1.95, but it is only limited to two per noodle order. I personally really enjoyed it, the portions for both toppings and noodle were generous and flavourful. The milk tea was also quite smooth and not too sweet. There are also rice dishes to choose from ($8-12) and bubble tea for those who want something to go ($4-6). I would highly recommend it to anyone in the area looking for relatively low cost Chinese food.
Like everyone else, love their milk tea! It's definitely a must try. Their service concept is a little different compared to other HK style cafes. You order and pay upfront first and they will bring the food to you. It is quite a popular resto, so it may take a couple minutes to line up and order depending what time of day you go.The food portions are a little smaller in comparison to other HK style cafes that I been to, but it is a slightly cheaper, so guess you get what you pay for. The food is very tasty and of course the HK milk tea sealed the deal! Tea itself is very flavourful and smooth, if you don't like to much sweetness do ask them for little/ no sugar or less condensed milk.
Great HK cafe in Richmond Hill to grab all day Chinese breakfast! Not many places offer all day Chinese breakfast, so I love coming here for that. The prices are reasonable and offers good sized portions. Pretty much all meals comes with a hot milk tea or coffee. I have never tried the coffee but the hot milk tea is very smooth and flavourful.Their lunch portions are pretty generous as well and can be split between 2 people if you both aren't two hungry. Again the lunches come with a free hot drink as well. Don't expect much out of the services as is with most Chinese restaurants. But this place is consistently busy especially around lunch hour, so I would suggest going there just before noon.
It's been a while since I ate here and this used to be one of my fav restaurants as they have amazing catches of the day. They have changed the place and menu quite a bit. They seated us at one of the middle tables between the bar and dining room area. I'm pretty sure that the table for two as it was very crammed. The server was friendly and came to help us right away. We also got a free app courtesy of Yelp, and we ordered lobster and crab spring rolls ($14). It was delicious but definitely not worth the price as there were only 3 pieces. For mains, we order Ahi Tuna Salad (~$18) and seafood pasta ($~20). The presentation was very nice, however the salad portion was a bit small. Yet the pasta was very delicious and the portion was generous as well.It was overall a good experience. Yet I wish the portions could be larger.
I don't know why I have not tried this resto until now as I am always eating in other restaurants in this plaza, but this is definitely on my list of to go to from now on. If you are a fan of any kind of dumplings, you will enjoy this place! My friend and I were here from dinner on Friday night. We got here around 6 and it was not packed, but it quickly filled up. We ordered veggie steamed dumplings, pan fried dumplings, soup dumplings and onion beef pancake (all around $5-7/ dish). All dumplings were very fresh and hot and the onion beef pancake was delicious as well. Service was typical, but overall great food, would recommend.
Was really excited for for 3 Brewers to open up in Richmond Hill as I really enjoyed the downtown location. Came here with a couple of friends for dinner. We had a reservation and was immediately seated. As we were waiting for the other was decided to get the Oktoberfest special which include a small platter and a litre The Munich which was their feature beer ($17). My friend and I decided to split the litre since it was lot for us to have individually, so we asked the server for an extra glass. We were a bit shocked when the server told us that it will spill everywhere and she wouldn't recommend it. Really? Perhaps help us? We said we still wanted an extra glass and the attitude immediately shown on her face... Of  course we were able to split 2 glasses without making a mess. We really didn't understand why that was made more complicated than it needed to be. The food itself was great and larger pub sized portions. I had the fish and chips and my friends had different kinds of burger. All around $15 which is pretty standard pricing. I hope that was just a one off experience as I really enjoyed the beer and the food.
Came here for lunch at around 2pm, place was not too full but guessing because it's a holiday they only had one server. There were a couple tables and the server had told us to sit at the table next to the door in which I asked if I could sit in the table inside. She insisted that we sit at the table next to the table couple more times until she finally let us sit at the table inside. Was that not reasonable to ask since it is -20 outside and you have several tables empty?We quickly ordered since there were a number of tables also visiting to get their orders in. Our food was the fastest to arrive which was great for us, but not for the others who came before we did (but no complaints from us here). We both got L4 sashimi combo which comes with standard soup and salad  ($9.99). The menu almost looks identical to Gal, pretty sure it's still owned by Gal (which I believe was what it used to be anyway). Back to the food.... everything was delicious, portions were a little smaller compared to Gal.By the end of lunch, the server was calmer and she did ask how everything was. Think I will stick with Gal sushi even though it is further for me, my service and food experience overall was better there.
Pretty much my go to place drinks in the neighbourhood for drinks as they have daily daily specials. I particularly like coming here on Tuesdays for 1/2 price house beer and wine and Fridays for GT.They also serve great food with a variety of options to choose from. As well, portions are generous and ranges from $12-$25 depending on what you order. There fries are thick cut and is every delicious, I would recommend getting that as a side.It does get pretty busy on Friday nights, so I would book or come earlier to avoid line ups and not to have to search the plaza for a parking spot.
3.5*Sushi was great, service could have been better. Restaurant is quite small, so definitely make reservations. I do prefer this restaurant more than dine-in.Came with couple friends for dinner on Saturday night. It was around 6pm so we waited for about 10 mins or so, which wasn't too bad at bad. We were seated in one of the further corners and pretty tucked away, so the server may have forgotten about us- we didn't get menu and tea until we asked them multiple times. Same situation with refilling tea and paying the bill, it got a little bit frustrating.Food itself was great. We ordered 2 rolls (~$12-$14) and maki (~$7) and small sashimi boat (~$23). It was all very fresh and the sushi portions were quite massive, yet not filled with a lot of rice which was a big plus.I think I will stick with takeout as I do still enjoy the food.
Love the food here and this place is always packed. Came here for dinner with 2 other friends, we came here around 6pm and was able to get a seat immediately. We ordered a number of dishes to split including Tom Yum Goong soup (~$5/ bowl), Roti (2) and Curry Mutton/ chicken (~$9 each), pad thai (~$10), satay chicken and satay beef (~$13 each). I highly recommend trying out all these dishes, but bare in mind if you can't each spicy food, I would pass on the Tom Yum Goong soup as it is very spicy. Food arrived fairly quickly and great service. We had about 1/2 plate of pad thai to go and the bill came up to just under $100 with tax and tip.Remember to bring cash as they don't take debit or credit.
This location is nice compared to some other ones within the Milestones franchise.It's always empty, which is good if you like a quite place, but it's also nice to se some crowd some times.Food quality is in line with other locations, but the service is a hit and miss here.I've been here few times and service is sometimes over the top, and very disappointing on other visits.The bar area is pretty cool, with butcher slab tables with high stools, big screen TVs, new shiny beer tabs..My most favourite dish in there (or was at least as I think it just got discontinued) is the Harrisa chicken, where you got grilled chicken with moroccan couscous and Harrisa sauce, pretty good!Another favourite appetizer is the asian chicken bites.All in all, a decent restaurant, good food, okay service.
I've been a big fan of moxies since the start, and specifically this location, I remember being there when they first opens in 2007 maybe or so, and always been a regular customer.But lately, the quality has been going down constantly..!!Last time I visited this location was last year sometime in the summer, and I was very disappointed then.So today, I decided to give it another chance, since I love the 'original Moxie's', but things are still not that good unfortunately.They have revamped the menu majorly, keeping some of their main/top seller items, while modifying/adding new items..Presentation has changed also, they now use aluminium trays for nachos for example rather than the original setup, or clay rectangle and oval plates for appetizers.We ordered three appetizers and all three were too greasy..As for our mains, we had the lettuce burger, chipotle chicken, caesar salad with chicken, steak salad and pasta. Needless to say, all plates were dry and missing flavour.On the other hand, moxie's used to have (in my opinion) the best service at a chain restaurant, hands down!This has hit rock bottom now, the service today was below average, slow and just like the food...tasteless!Sadly, this puts an end to my Moxie's obsession!
Touro had a great potential when it first opened up, to be the best Brazilian steakhouse in the city. Unfortunately, that fell short for so many reasons..First of all, the place looks absolutely stunning, with beautiful set up and layouts, you can find tables for couples, small groups, big groups or even big parties...Service is always on the A side, starting from the host, the servers and management, all seem to be very professional and welcoming.The major con about this place is the food itself. It misses that unique taste of the Brazilian and Latin American cuisine. Compared to other popular restaurants of the same category, The difference is very obvious.Also, The limitation of the items offered certainly make things that much worse.They usually only have five or six cuts to choose from on a weekend evening for example, versus three cuts or so on a lunch period. While still charging the same price for similar restaurants, at $35-$45 per person, they still miss popular cuts such as fillet mignon Parmesan, Moroccan chicken, chicken Parmesan, prime rib cheddar, flank steak, etc...It is too bad, because I said above service and ambiance is great, but the food can improve by a mile, which is an essential point for a restaurant!
Mixed impressions about this place,First of all, It's not the cleanest, glasses with finger prints on them, dirty plates, plates presentation is inconsistent and all over the place.Large menu with some really wide selections, the menu is all in chinese language with very little english, so unless you know your chinese cuisine, you'll probably be lost in translation.Customer service is poor, a lot of it has to do with the language barrier probably. Prices are okay, average and you do get bigger portions for what it's worth.Flavours are definitely there, authentic and delicious..that's the only positive thing I would say about Mr Congee!
We have now given this place three times tryout,giving them the benefit of the doubt.But now I can fairly say that we won't be visiting this place again.The 'only' pro in this place is that they have a nice patio, with comfy lounge patio chairs, however their patio usually opens up late in the summer, so you can't even enjoy that much!The place (interior) is lacking many things, too much dark wood, lost theme, don't have a true identity really! Like you get lost trying to find a theme for this restaurant.Food tastes below average, and we've always tried different things throughout our three visits.Same applies to the service, but it's kind of a hit miss between bad and average.In terms of pricing, it's a little more on the pricy level, which can't be justified taking everything inconsideration!I give it 2.5
A failure to launch!This brand has build up some good hype taking over the old Alice Fazoolis which wasn't a top winner out of the Cara group..All locations are nicely designed from the inside, with average looking patios..again, not much work was done taking over Fazoolis, so the whole Italian theme and atmosphere was kept, which is a great thing.so the only thing really left was to come up with something extra ordinary in terms of menu and service, since all locations have that crowd coming into the restaurant in the first place, since all spots were originally Fazoolis, but unfortunately this isn't the case.I've been here and at another location about three - four times, the food was my least favorite, always greasy and extremely overwhelming with oregano and other Mediterranean spices.Service is nothing to brag about as well..It needs a quick revamp of the menu, adding new and exciting mains and appetizers rather than the usual while keeping it original and connected to their Italian Roots.
One of the nicest, if not THE nicest Keg in the GTA!This location is somewhat new, I'd say about 2-3 years, and the quality of food, service, ambiance has been consistent top notchManagement and staff are very professional, know the menu inside out, and ready to make recommendations and/or modifications to suit your preference.This KEG is split into two sections, the bar and lounge section which has a beautiful semi-open patio facing the parking lot.What's nice about this lounge section that it doesn't only have the regular cocktail chairs/tables you found at bars, they also have booths, lounge chairs, and small little couches. So it's basically another dining room but in a more casual setup, where you can catch a game or watch something on TV while you have your meal, or waiting for your table at the main dining room.The main dining room is fancy, fireplaces, nice designs, and is certainly huge with so many tables and little booths, although it may not seem like it.In terms of food, I find it that this location has one of the best tasting menus, although it should be all unified! The NewYork steak and pepper corn sauce are flawless, so is the calamari, chili chicken, nachos and their porterhouse steakCustomer service here is great, you always have more than one server taking care of your table, while there is always a third staff member cleaning up and setting up tables.If you're looking for a nice KEG to celebrate a special occasion, to go on a date, or to have a business meeting, look nowhere else!
It used to be THE SPOT! But that era is long gone!Marlowe used to be a great spot back in the days, especially in the mid 2000s where it was a smoke and wine bar! Where you used to be handed a menu of different low to high-end cigars to company your fine wine and appetizers! This was a great add-on, I believe it used to be on Wednesdays or Tuesdays.But once it turned more into a night club on weekends, the crowd it attracted changed from all professionals and businessmen to something else.For some reason, it always does not seem or feel clean, whether it's cutlery, plates' set, booths or just the overall look and feel of the place.The "restaurant" part of Marlowe doesn't have much to offer, although it has a wide menu selection, it doesn't provide anything unique in terms of taste, nothing really stands out in my opinion.Service is below average, and no one seems to care, they had lost their will and hope for one reason or another!
This place always been one of the top spots in the city!I have been coming to this place for years now since it first opened few years ago.Always great for couples or semi-big groups, the bar area is pretty hipped as well, very cool spot!My favourite and recommendation are the muscles, chicken bites and calamari..and most definitely their Chicken Parmesan is amazing!Service is exceptional, host and manage
I have a love hate relationship. they have a lot of events but the food is terrible and the chairs uncomfortable.  It's always kinda empty so there's no problem getting in. The regulars are nice and friendly. The wait staff phone it in but are nice. They put montreal steak seasoning on their cesars. The manager is not the nicest person. I was there once and the manager was arguing with a guy because he pointed out an error in the bill.  The error was in the house's favour but she kept accusing him of cheating.  Seriously.
Went for dinner with friends.  I got the lasagna. My friends got the gnocchi with white and with rose sauce with hot water and wine!Started with bread. It was hard and cold. Seemed like it was leftovers from lunch that they just put in the fridge.  The lasagne was delicious. I want to eat it every Monday night. "On Mondays we eat ll fornello  lasagne".Would have been  a 4 or more but the bread, the waitress had two tables and spent most of the time chatting with the hostess.Get the lasagne!!
Loved this place. We came for a birthday dinner, there were 10 of us, noticed another table for 10 set up . though 'oh nos.... Gonna be busy and food will be slow, dang'.Not the case, there must be 10 people working in the kitchen because we all ordered something different and everything came at once and was well cooked!!  The other table also ordered at the same time AND almost all the other tables were full!!Decor, loved it, when you first walk in there's a great wall Stine thing fountain, dark wood with Thai touches classy casualNoise level : there's music playing its not very loud, to allow for conversation. Awesome.  Note: they play music from all over the world not just Thailand.  With a full restaurant of talking people we could still  all hear each other.Food : what counts the most.  I love my dish. I got the tofu with garlic and chilli. It was nice and spicy. Yum! Huge portions!Staff: everyone was nice. No one smiled though, it was weirdPrice: pretty reasonable for the amount of food you get.All and all thumbs up. Will be back for sure!!
Location: It's located in a small strip with a McDonald's, a noodle place and a couple of other businesses.Parking:There's a rather large free parking lot (thanks suburbs) but it was pretty full when I go there.The inside:When I got in I was surprised. The place is a lot smaller than I thought it would be and was about half full. The bar area was packed with folks in their 20s. Theres a blue light, a big tv and people it is bar stool seating. We were sitting in the other half of the restaurant with regular tables. Its odd but the place has two completely different vibes. We were in a lower area that felt like a family place.Seating in the place consists of bar stools, booths and 2 and 4 person tables. Its a bit crowded because they try and shove S many tables in the area as possible.Food:I order the. Chicken and waffles. It's served with sweet potato fries. The chicken and waffles were delicious. When it was brought to the table it looked so good. Huge portions. Potatoes fries were shared with the table. The waffles were soft in the middle but held up to the sauce and chicken.The chicken was chicken tenders not pieces which I loved because the one thing I hate about chicken and waffles is having to deal with the bones.My friend got the wings and fried. She said they were good. She's come back. The were not the best she had but we're the best in the neighbourhood.The last person I our party got the 4 play platter which consisted of. 4 back ribs, 4 wings, 4 pcs. boneless and fries.He liked it. I thought it looked a little disappointing on the plate.Service:Service was good. She was half dressed which is something I hate in an establishment. I hate when the waitresses are almost naked but the dudes are weather appropriate. Why are women required to dress like there's the possibility they are on the menu too? Rating:1 star because #womenAreNotObjects
I've been eating at this place for the eight years I have been in the neighbourhood. It's filling, inexpensive, and really tasty.It is located on highway 7 in the southern most part of Richmond Hill. It's in the same plaza as McDonald's. There's lots of free parking and its at the valleymede viva stop.They have roasted and BBQ pork, chicken, whole duck, cuttlefish, chicken feet, and lots of other food.You can buy the meats by the pound. You can also buy a whole or half roasted pig as well, you just need to pre order.I get the combo. There's a small and large one. It's rice, with one or two meats on it. With a sauce and ginger and scallion salsa. I get normally the chicken and BBQ pork. Tonight, the pictures are of something different.I got the roasted pork and BBQ pork with extra roasted pork. Roasted pork was amazing. Crispy skin. Omg!!It's pretty in expensive for the amount, and quality of the food. Cash only. 6.5 for small, 7.50 for large. 2 bucks for extra meat. Yum.
I have decided I like Afghani food after eating here.   Location:So this place is located in the section at East Beaver Creek and Hwy 7 where all the western restaurants are located ( there are a lot of Asian restaurants in the area, This are is where a lot of chain western restaurants are located)There's plenty of parking, but because there's a lot of restaurants, you might find you have to park a wee bit away if you are coming on the weekend. ie. Friday or Saturday night.  Décor:Casual.  it's plain, neat, nice colours.  You have your choice of table or booth.  Tables can seat from 4 to 24.  Nice for big groups.  The big tables aren't round, they are square..  I like the light fixtures, took a picture but not sure if you can tell.Ordering:The restaurants in this area are all sit down with wait staff.  This place is different.  So you order at a counter fast food style.   You have a seat and wit for them to yell out your number.   When it's busy you have to listen real close because you can barely hear them.  It would be great id they had some sort of microphone and speaker so we could hear.  Would save the poor women ( only women) who work the counterServiceThe women at the counter are really nice.  i never know what to order and they always suggest the best food.The food also comes really fast.  It's not the most complicated food, so I'm glad .  We were all hungry, we were glad to get our food quickly!Food:So basically from what I can tell you can get kabobs, salads, and wraps.  Nice and simpleI got steak kabobs dinner. It's the one on the front cover of the menu.  Most popular item apparently.Your food comes on huge oval plates, a brown basmatti riec over flowing, gren salad, a small tomato and onion salsa type sald, and a piece of naan bread.  I got a steak kabob and a kaftka kabob. Loved my meal.  The steak was soft and tender, nicely flavoured, the naan soft and chewy like you expect.  The rice was cook well, not over or under done. Season well, and I loved the dressing on the salad, not sure whata it was, we referred to it as white.(because it was white. haha)Conclusion.:I could have shared my plate  there was so much food.  Ate half of it there and took the rest home, had it for lunch the next day.  A wonderful treat!Everyone I was with loved their food as well. thumbs up from the 8 of us!!Will be back and will bring as many people as I can!!.
This location is good. It's smaller than the ones I normally go to. It's also really busy. On the outside it seems frantic and un organised but I guess they have a different way of doing things, adapting to the tiny workspace they have behind the counter.Drives is come fairly quick. Depending on the person or can be good or great. Food is standard starbucks quality.  Staff seem cliquey but really niceThere are a number of two person tables that are always taken up by one person on laptops or studying. These guys hunker down for hours. Came with a friend a few months ago and saw a table of 4 get up and leave for an hour to get food, and left all their stuff on the table. Not cool folks.They have bar you can sit at which seems to be the only guaranteed seating in the place!WiFi also kinda is hit and miss, with so many people with laptops its hard to get any band with if you tey and check out something on your phone, or use the starbucks app, which sucks.All in all this is a great place to grab a drink and leave
Omg came for an event and have visited a few times since. I think this store in going to be entirely responsible for my empty bank account and requiring a bigger size pants!!  But in a good delicious sweet way!!Location:In Richmond Hill in a plaza that you wouldn't expect to find it in.Parking:Suburbs plaza- lotsThe Goods:Cakes and pastries and other sweet delicacies. Oh my..They make pastries, macaroons, cakes, and coffees and lattes. The display cases is filled fresh every morning and is emptied by customers every night!You can get any of the cakes in their catalogue (all the ones you buy at Longos and other groceries) baked fresh for you. They just need 48 hours notice.  May. Suggest anything with hazel nuts. My kryptonite!Everything delicious.Decor:They have tables and chairs so you can sit and sample your purchases. Make sure you get a latte!!Staff:I've loved everyone I've come in contact with. Everyone is so nice!!So yeah. I'm coming back soon because I love the goods!!
So if you don't care for beets or goats cheese you should get the beet and goat cheese salad. it's mostly spinach with onions. Rating : Really a 2.5 but I felt 3 was too much. Location:In the part of Richmond hill at the 404 and highway 7 where all the western restaurants are. Parking: Huge parking lot but there are a tonne of restaurants so... If you come off hours you can find something close. Otherwise, good luck, may the force be with you. Bring some walking shoes.DecorIt's the old Alice fazoolis. They renovated it.so now it's 'rustic'. Seating is made up of low tables and chairs, high tables with higher chairs and booths. There's also a bar area but all the times I've visited I've never sat there.Music is so loud you sometimes can't hear the person sitting across from you.Service:Wait staff are always nice. Just not around a lot. This last time we didn't get any water and spent a lot of time looking for out waiter to get the dessert menu, the bill, and  then to pay for the bill. There was a good 20 minutes where we couldn't even see him. Note: as were were leaving we discovered where the servers were. Drinking at the bar. The guy who was bringing out food was doing a shot. Food:Meh. I'm not sure what the big fuss is about. Ive never been overly impressed but this last time was the worse. Beet and goat cheese salad. There were more walnuts than cheese. The over all flavour?  Raw onions. There were more raw onions than beets. The dressing was incredibly sour. Almost inedible. At least they got rid of the awful pears they had in the summerCharity bread- not a lot of butter. It was pre cut for some reason. The sides, including those in the middle, had that hard crust the bread gets when it's been sitting g out a few hours. Super. Zappolis- super eggy. Not pleasant. The dipping sauce was fantastic but they were pretty cheap with it. Two tablespoons for all those balls? God, can you at least put enough for the whole dessert.Conclusion. I'm tired of coming for meh food. It's too expensive for that.
Been seeing this all over social media a while back and tonight I was in the mood for meat so I stopped in. It can be summarized as -love the burger hate the fries.Location:16th and Leslie on an awkward plaza with a Tims  in it.Decor: Nicer  than I expected. Clean. But it was the guy at the cash who sweeps and wipes tables. When he's busy it doesn't happen until there's a lull in customers. But it's honestly cleaner than almost all places I've been to in the neighbourhood!Parking:Awkward. It's a right in and right out. Shares parking with a few other businesses including tims. So parking can be tough if everything is busyStaff: So nice. The guy at the cash seems really fun. Perfect person to have there and the woman handing out the food to customers seemed super sweet.Food:You have two burgers to choose from the fresh burger and the prime  burger. You can also get them as doubles. Fries. Poutine.Thy burgers come with cheese, tomatoes and lettuce.I got the prime burger with mushrooms ($1 extra) and loved it. Kinda fatty (but not so bad that it ran all over the place the prime must have less fat) burger so it was juicy and full of flavour.Hated the fries. Got them fresh from the deep frier but they were weirdly tough on the outside, not hard but tough. Hard to describe. Not how I like them but taste varies with everyone. They would probably be awesome poutine fries!Conclusion:I'd come back. I might just buy a burger tho not the fries. Mmmm
Location:Located in a plaza off of Yonge Street. Fee parking, very bus accessible because its close to a viva stop!.Decor:It is bright with lots of window. A very small crowded dine in place. The order part is a small area when you watch in. I'm a big line up orderly person and ordering here sometimes gives me a wee bit anxiety. Line ups are sometimes not followed.Getting food:When you order and stay in, you go and sit and they bring you your food. OK. Once again anxiety, food doesn't necessarily come to people in the order that you ordered.The Food:It is great. The chicken in the peri peri sauce is delicious. It's rotisserie. Succulent and flavourful. You can get it in different spices. I like mild, I'm a bit of a heat wimp. You get a number of choices for sides, I always pick the corn. It's spicy and juicy. Yum.You can get plain bread or garlic bread. You can't go wrong with either choice. The bread is soft and heart. I really like it. Salads are hearty and filling too.The thing I love getting here is the chicken livers. You get a bowl of them they are spicy and are perfect paired with the bread.They do a really big take out business. I'd say 90% of the orders while we were there were take out.Conclusion:It's great food for a fast food place. Reasonably priced too.  I think it literally has something for everyone.
Went for the first time last night.  Its so close to where I lived. I'm kicking myself for not coming sooner!I didn't go for the sushi and sashimi, others in my group did and said it was great, fresh and nicely cut.  I got the beef bulgogi. I got it because when I walked into the restaurant the smell was amazing. The waiter said it was the bulgogi. I sacrificed sashimi.  It was delicious. I'd never had bulgogi before. Lean thin strips of beef, thin sliced zucchini, onions, carrots, peppers, and mushrooms. The sauce. I can't even describe it. It was so good. The dinner came with green salad, miso soup, and green tea ice cream. I'll go back for sure. I feel like this is going to be my new go to place.
Location :This place is located in Times Square. Woo Hoo. In Richmond Hill, not New York. Darn.     It is not inside the building, it's one of the outside businesses. Not facing the big centre parking lot, but facing Highway 7. Parking:There is a tonne of free parking, and they have underground parking. Name: The place has a weird name. I makes me wonder if it was some sort of vitamin or natural remedy place originally.Decor:It's bright and well lit. there are quite a few tables. From tables for 2 to tables for larger groups.  Not a fancy place, a typical simple decoration place.Menu:  They have a very large menu. I've only ever had dessert food there. They have regular food too. I've never had it but everyone looks like they are loving it.  Food:I LOVE THE COCORN.   it's rice and corn mixed with evaporated milk. I like it with Strawberries ( see picture).I've also had the tofu flower.  Which is warm soft tofu in warm sweet sugary water.   I love it.  Cost:It's pretty inexpensive, I like the quality of the food. Service:Well sometimes, it is slow because there's not a lot of staff, and I have never seen anyone  smile, or have had anyone smile at me. That being said everyone is polite and that is all that really matters!!Conclusion:I'll come back. We like to go here after meals. Check it out, I'm sure you'll be pleasantly surprised.
Location:This place is within walking distance to my house, so there is zero parking anxiety.  I do know there is a lot of parking.  Behind you cn find a wee parking garage and you can park in the lot next door and take a (not so) secret staircase to get to here.The building in on highway 7, you can tell newbies (I did it too so I'm not judging) because they come around to the highway 7 side and try to get in.  There's no door there, it's around back.  Decor:The place is bright and modern. as you are ushered into the main dining room you pass by booths that are always filled with people, tables loaded with delicious looking and amazing smelling dishes.  I found my self wondering what wonderful things these people were eating.  in the main dining room you have the option of round tables, booths, or the booth/table hybrids.Menus are in english and cantonese.. The decor is nice.  They have a neat wall that's covered in cutting boards. The tables are close together but not jammed in like you find at some other restaurants.  This is a nicer place, someplace you bring people you like.Food:The food is great.  There was a special on a chicken in wine soup.  I was just recovering from a cold so we got it.  Kinda neat. They brought out a hot plate, the kind with a fire, and then put a covered pot with a clear liquid and some twigs and berries in it.  Had it boil up for a while. Then the guy tell my friend to watch out. Bam!!! GIANT FIRE BALL!!  He set the liquid on fire.  It was pretty awesome.  Dinner AND a show!  Talk about a show, they brought out black chicken,  Never had that before. Raw it looked a bit like eggplant while cooked it looked a little bit like the creature from alien. I seriously love the restaurants in my neighbourhood. We also had sweet and sour pork. Served in a PINEAPPLE.  Nice.  Also had a vegetable dish with some beige sauce and pumpkin or some other squash.  It was delicious. Would have never ordered it on my own. Yum.My favourite was the salty spicy tofu. Will be ordering that every time I go.  Finally we also got a hotpot rice, with chicken.  It came last when we were almost done.I have to say every thing was delicious. Staff:The staff were great.   They wear neon name tags. Lighted up. Lots of staff. Verdict:I give this place two thumbs up. :)
I really liked this place.  We came as w group of 7 people. Sat at the raised table in the middle next to the Xmas tree. The restaurant looks really cool. Its darkish but there are lots of pot lights. The decode is pretty neat. Everything is lit up and changes colour throughout the night.  The restaurant is not crowded like some of the other ones in the neighbourhood where they try to jam as many people in as possible. Also it doesn't smell like old rotten fish like others do.Food. The food was relish.  We ordered a set and a few extra dishes.  We got a fish soup, Lobster, crab, a chicken dish, beef and mushroom, bok choi, and their signature ribs with taro. Everything was very tasty.  The ribs were everyone's favourite by far. My least favourite was the bok choi. Only because it was so plain. That being said it was still good.  The fish soup was spicy.  Very spicy. My friends ordered rice which I'm thankful. It helped stop the burning. :)I highly recommend this restaurant. Can't wait to go back.
We came on a cold sunny Saturday and were late enough to miss the lunch crowd but early enough to still be able to take advantage of the lunch specials. Location:This place is located on 16th and Spadina Road. Its in a plaza with some other restaurants. There's a bus stop on the corner if you want to bus it but dude, it's the suburbs. Tonnes of free parking.Decor:Its small and very elegant. I love the decor. Its dark wood, and blues, with a pretty golden painting on the back wall. The first visit was when it had first opened and they were working out some kinks I guess. Seating consisted of tables and chairs, no booths. There's a biggish private room to the side that looks like it can fit maybe 15- 20 people.Food:They have a three 'course' Prix fixe lunch specials for $9.99. We decided to each get one and share.It comes with soup, a spring roll, and the main that you ordered. We got corn and chicken soup. (The house soup was out. We were bummed, it's delicious), a tiny spring roll, and an order of egplant in minced pork with xo sauce and a steamed rice with Chinese sausage in a lotus leaf.Soup was delicious I love the corn soup. It always looks like they opened a can of creamed corn in a pot of chicken soup. I really like creamed corn. . The spring roll came on a skewer and was nice a fresh and crunchy. I lived the steamed rice. I tend to find the Chinese sausage a strong flavour because it's usually in big chunks but it was almost minced and I liked the flavour distribution. My favourite dish is the eggplant and chilli and this was not a disappointment. The eggplant was soft but not overcooked and stringy. The xo sauce was really flavourful and enhanced the pork nicely. Nice spice level too.Service:Service was efficient. I wouldn't exactly call anyone who waited our table as friendly or concerned for our enjoyment, but we got the food and they refilled out tea fast and efficiently so who needs to make friends.Love this place.Now I only need to get a vip card for it because I picture myself coming back over and over!!
I found Chinese food in Richmond Hill to be hit and miss. Sometimes its great other times its not even close to authentic. This place is closer to the authentic Chinese style of food. Walking in it reminds me of when I visited Hong Kong, although this is not a Cantonese style restaurant, with murals of rice patties and fishing boats on the wall. The decor is what you expect from a casual Chinese restaurant. Nothing special, lots of big round tables, a few booths, dark brown wood, and quick service. The service was very fast although they had trouble speaking English. It wasn't rude because you can't fault them for not knowing a language so we communicated through pointing at the menu and hand signals. The food came very fast and was fresh. Fried noodles were crispy, sweet and sour pork crunchy, General Tao chicken was spicy, and the green beans were delicious. The food was a bit oily though but nothing too crazy as to where I was unable to eat or it turned me off.Overall, this is a good restaurant and probably one of the better Chinese fair in Richmond Hill. Prices are decent, food is fast, service is quick, and generally flavorful. If you can trek to the city for good Chinese then go trek but for something in these area its perfect.
A lot of people didn't know this was a chain from just south of the boarder. I've been to a few in Houston and the one in Richmond Hill is laid out identically. The breads are baked fresh daily, their cookies and pastries are delicious, and the sandwiches are a decent size. Problem is, everything is just a tad expensive for what you get. There's lots of sun and free wi-fi. This is a good place to drop by and have lunch, I just wouldn't go out of my way to go here.Overall, the chain remains consistent and keeps to its promise of fresh breads and delicious baked goods. The prices are slightly higher than you would expect and the sandwiches don't seem worth the price. Come for a cookie (or five) and the wi-fi.
The oldest bar in Richmond Hill. Pretty cool, kinda, well no, not really. It's okay.For some reason I keep finding myself at this little dive bar in Richmond Hill. I don't know why. It's almost addicting but I guess everyone is entitled to their usual dive hang out spot. There really is nothing special about it. Beers aren't expensive but not cheap. Food isn't good but isn't bad. Service isn't slow but isn't fast. See where I'm heading with this? A lot of in between makes this place okay. There are 2 pool tables, a Foosball table, pinball machine, Golden Tee, a big projection T.V., a few other little T.V.s, One big screen, a patio in the back, a fireplace, and nightly events like karaoke or a live band. They even have food specials every night. OH! They have free wi-fi. You know, after writing all this I'm kinda starting to like this place more... kinda. Good times are had here but you will have to bring those good times with you.Overall, it's a typical pub. Nothing special. The oldest in Richmond Hill might give it a bit more of an aura but that doesn't do it for me. Prices are average and so is the food and service. I still don't know why I always come here! I'm gonna have to go tonight and see why. I'll let you know if I ever find out.
Went here for drinks and a bit of food tonight. It wasn't bad. Food is pricey, especially for what you get. Burger and sweet potato fries, that were pretty lifeless, $18. Our server tried to up sell everything!"Did you want vodka, gin, or Grey Goose?""Adding sweet potato fries is $3 but if you order it as an appetizer its $7.""Would you like all your drinks Moxie sized?""Get the bacon burger, there's bacon on it and it's just a few bucks more.""Get guac on your nachos, it's just a buck."I get it, you're pretty clever and you wanna sell more because that means bigger tip but if you do it in a way where service is dismal and all we hear you say is spend more money, it makes me want to do the exact opposite and get the hell out. Unfortunately I was in a group of 8 and all of the rest were too lazy to leave. A smile from our server would've helped. His face read "fuck my life." and it just dampened the mood for everyone.Food quality is okay. Nothing spectacular, but for the price I would appreciate it if the food actually tasted good and not just put on a fancy square plate with small metal ramekins for ketchup.. Drinks here a good, strong, and reasonably priced. Overall, come here for the bar. Lots of T.V.s and the bartenders are nice. The bathrooms here are pretty swanky and have fireplaces. Next time I come here I am eating beforehand and only staying in the bar area.
I used to go here until my friend showed me this.http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=42811155282Now I just go to "Go For Tea". They have better food and sweeter tapioca there anyway.But to review Destiny is something I cannot ignore, so here goes. Destiny has some of the most modern interior design I've ever seen for a bubble tea establishment. It is well lit with gorgeous chandeliers and floor to ceiling windows surrounding the space in it's entirety. It boasts clean minimalistic booths, dark wood accents that give it am upscale bistro feel, artistic planters, and the clean white communal seats brightens the room even more. Although the space is beautiful and the Wi-Fi is free, the drinks don't meet the same standard as the decor. The tapioca balls were tasteless and chewy while the drink flavors leave a powdery taste, kinda like a protein shake that's not fully dissolved. The drink sizes didn't seem to fit the price point as the drinks are much smaller than expected. If you decide to go on a Friday or Saturday night, good luck trying to find parking as this place is an absolute zoo. You're best bet is to go sometime during the week to avoid the fiasco of finding parking.Overall I would go back for the ambiance and free Wi-Fi but not for the drinks. For the price, you can get better drinks at other places. If it wasn't for the whole roach thing, I would've given it a 3 star rating solely for the ambiance. But unfortunately for Destiny, you can't undo something like that. Go at your own risk.
The only sushi place I know that is actually run by Japanese chefs. I think it makes all the difference in noodles, rolls, rice, and even the delicate sizing of fish. You can find many dishes here that I have yet to see in other Japanese restaurants. The chefs bar is located in front of the entrance and you will be greeted by multiple head bobs by at least 4 people upon entering. If that doesn't scream authentic Japanese then you need to leave the country, go to Japan, witness the head bobs upon arrival, come back to Canada, then come back here and tell me it's not authentic! Here you will taste the most succulent fish and most delicious rolls in this fair city. The inside is very small and the location isn't great but the food definitely makes up for it. The inside is decorated in typical Japanese fashion with paper wall dividers and bamboo accents. This restaurant is located in what can only be described as an Asian mall for food. Picture a small strip mall where the only thing located inside are restaurants, a spa, and a convenience store. It is the strangest mall I've ever been to but Ichiban is here so it makes it all better.Overall, my favorite place to grab sushi that isn't all you can eat. When I want some quality sushi or even just quality food I look to Ichiban to dish it out. Prices here are reasonable and more than worth the quality food.
I drive by here all the time and stupidly forget it exists! Located in a tiny plaza that also houses a small comic book store, convenience store, a dry cleaners, and a Subway you wouldn't think a restaurant here would be the most amazing Malaysian/Thai places you have ever allowed your lips to touch.The dingy blue sign with crappy yellow font may just turn you off but persevere and walk through those doors that look like you're entering a dry cleaners and you are welcomed with dark hardwood flooring, a long dark wood bar, dark wood dividers, dark wood tables, green walls, and I'm pretty sure more dark wood elsewhere. As dark as it sounds, it is actually laid out very nice, it looks super trendy inside and you would never think that a restaurant like this would be here.Not only are you surprised by the portal that transports you from the bleak Suburbia or Richmond Hill but you get hit in the face, in a good way, with explosions of delicious Malay and Thai flavors. The best textured rotis I have ever tried. Oh their curries? Only the most flavorful green curry ever! You don't like green curry? They have ever colored curry imaginable and they are all spectacular. Satay is absolute gold! I have yet to try anything in this restaurant without being completely floored by its perfect balance of complexity and home made goodness.Service is also pretty amazing. Even on nights when the house is rammed full of people the 5 servers manage to stay on top of everything and ensure your food gets to your face as quickly and deliciously as possible. Always checking up at the proper times and noticing small cues. Some high end restaurant owners can learn a thing or two from this suburban gem.Overall, the best roti.... ever. Better than the ones I've had in Malaysia and what I compare all other roti to. Prices are a little high and portion sizes are decent but the quality of food is downright amazing. When you ask me what restaurant I want to go to my answer will be none. I want to go to a Restauran.
Perfect for a rainy friday evening with the kids. Ordered the Sashimi+Galbi+Tempura bento, Chicken Terriyaki Donburi kids meal, Pork Donkatsu kids meal and a six pc avocado roll. I love that Oyaji has kids meals for $7. Lots of chicken, veggies in the donburi and the donkatsu looks like a regular adult portion. Avocado rolls have large pieces of avocado. Their rolls are the perfect size, generous on fillings and just the right amount of rice. Didn't get it this time but my favourite is the U-don Oyaji Combo Special (U-don+3pc california roll+3pc spicy salmon roll+3pc shrimp tempura). Owners and servers are very friendly, reasonable prices, great portion sizes and lots of parking.
What was supposed to be a late night snack with the husband turned out into a full meal. I should have known since the noodle soup here is sooo good. He was craving chicken wings but I was looking for something a bit healthier. This place was a great choice since their fish soup doesn't have MSG. Got the fish base with fish tofu, choy sum and korean style sweet potato crystal noodle (japchae noodles yum!). They were out of choy sum so got bok choy instead and added chicken wings for $2.75. We didn't have to wait long at all but that's probably bc we came at 9pm. Portion size is great and the fish tofu is my favourite. We've had both the hot milk tea and cold which are good as well. Will be trying the Malay Laksa soup base the next time we're here.
Came for lunch on a Friday with a friend and it was mostly full. I liked the roomy simple interior and all the window blinds were up for lots of light on a rainy day . I read other Yelp reviews before coming here so I stuck to ordering familiar taste combos. I ordered the curry soup base, beef brisket and king oyster mushroom ($10.99) and added a hokkaido milk tea for $2.50. Our noodles came out at the same time but mine was missing the beef brisket. After telling our server, he went over to the kitchen and brought out a small bowl of beef brisket then told me to add it to my noodle bowl to make it taste better. Well yeah, that's why I ordered it! The beef brisket was tender and saucy, large pcs of mushrooms and the noodles were more on the al dente side. The curry soup was flavourful too. Bubble tea was just ok as I would expect for $2.50. Read their stone pot rice is good too so hoping to try that the next time.
Came with some friends for a mid-day snack and we each ordered a drink and individual size cake (about $13 ish total). We asked if they could be cut into fours so we could try a bit of each and were pleasantly surprised when the staff came out with beautifully plated desserts! The head pastry chef was kind to come by our table and tell us about each cake. We tried the key lime tart, yuzu coconut dome, hazelnut cube and orange ricotta cheesecake tart. My favourite was the yuzu! Love the colour scheme of the restaurant and the open concept. Even the tea tins matched the logo colours! Will be back to try the eclairs!
Had a late breakfast around 10:30am and it was fairly busy inside. Ordered satay beef with vermicelli in soup $5.50 and got the hot milk tea. Nice portion size- large bowl with lots of noodles, beef and some cabbage too. Beef was tender, pieces were mostly bigger than bite size and both soup and sauce were tasty. I always like some type of veg in my soup to help cut through the sauciness so the cabbage was good. Was with a friend and took our time so didn't have an issue with service. Staff was friendly and restaurant was clean. Lots of booth seating. Would like to try the french toast next.
Our second time here for dim sum with the family, lunch on a Saturday. Really nice modern decor and very clean. We ordered a few dishes: BBQ pork w/ rice+broccoli, baked BBQ pork bun pastry, steamed spare ribs, pan fried turnip cake among a few others. Both my 6yo and 4yo love the bbq pork here. Service is quick and the food is very good in terms of quality and portions. We've tried a few different steamed rice rolls: the shrimp & veggie, steamed bbq pork and the plain ones. Was told the restaurant is quite busy and has been full both times we've been here but doesn't feel overcrowded which is nice. Good place to bring the kids as you don't need to worry about noise level!
One word: YUM! Had lunch with a couple friends and ordered the curry shrimp roti wrap and large stew chicken to share. Very large portion sizes! I would not be able to finish the roti wrap on my own- No way. The curry shrimp filling was so good, saucy but not runny at all and nice pieces of shrimp. The stew chicken came with rice and coleslaw and did not disappoint. Chicken was tender, flavourful and spicy. The rice had a bit of a spicy kick too. Coleslaw was just right to give a nice break from the spiciness. For drinks, we got a couple bottles of Peardrax and a can of Angostura Lemon, lime and bitters. The restaurant was casual, clean and nicely organized. Aneal mentioned he'd have macaroni pie and doubles on Saturday so looking forward to takeout!
Customer Service was tremendously great. I went in during valentines day alone, and I ordered a margarita pizza, and an espresso. Due to the sheer amount of couples, my order was delayed by quite a bit. But when I was trying to pay for my meal, they told me they took care of it, since my meal was delayed, so I didn't have to pay anything for that meal. The good itself isnt bad either.
Best place to have your sushi cravings filled in markham.The menu is a picture book with the items displayed like a catalogue.As this place is owned by koreans, their korean dishes like the kalbi and bulgogi are excellent as well.I would say if you wanna try something here for the first time, go for the ichiban specials or the bento boxes.
Went in with a bunch of friends at 7:45 pm with 7 people and we only booked 15 mins prior. Despite having to wait for another 15 mins because the previous table have yet to leave, and the amount of food we can order was limited due to it being a small store on sunday night, we had a fabulous experience. I personally ordered number 32, a traditional dish from northern vietnam, and had an orgasmic experience in my mouth. Complimentary tea was also pretty great and the waitress recommended me other great vietnamese dishes that I should try next time. Overall the food is great, and despite the busy traffic, it is definitely worth a try here. Make sure to order number 32.
Atmosphere was loud with unpleasant music.Food was expensive but not tasty. 20 dollars for a spaghetti and meatball.The restaurant was average but it tries to hard to differentiate itself with its cheese.Only reason why i give it 2 stars is because i reserve 1 star for restaurants that make me sick or uneasy after visiting their establishment.
As a 20ish person, i have had a lot of hamburgers but none better than here. The orgasmic experience you get from the freshburger is amazing. I have tried the other burgers on their menu but they are inferior to the freshburger.The perfectly cooked meat and the ratio of veggies in it is spectacular. All that and the burger isn't even that expensive, certainly cheaper than hero burgers. If you want to get a good burger, go there and see what I mean.
Went with 2 friends who recommended me this place. We ordered the family meal which was a very good deal for our entourage. But the wait time to get service was unbearable as our dinner took 3 hours instead of 1. Food was average and by authentic korean food standards, it can be considered subpar. I was going to give this place three stars but when i slept the night after i ate the food, i woke up at 4am searching for water. Turns out the msg level is quite high. But since msg is so high, you would expect it to taste good, but it was so subpar, i just cant in my good conscience give this place a good rating.
Relatively new store so there are a lot of freebies. Run by korean staff so make sure to speak some korean to get a better experience. All i knew was how to say thank you in korean. Very big portions for a sushi resturant. Around the same price as most sushi places.Staff are friendly, food was good, atmosphere felt authentic enough for a korean japanese resturant. 5 star worthy.
My family and I always come here for lunch and dinner. Their dishes are delicious and with a reasonable price. This place is also really tidy and clean which I think it's really important for a restaurant. I recommend their noodles lunch menu, you get to pick your booth, type of noodles and toppings, they come in large bowl so it's totally worth it! I don't really have anything to recommend for dinner dish because all their dishes are great, baked pork with fried rice in a bread bowl is fantastic!
I've been here a few times with my family for dinner because we all agreed that this is probably the best vietnam and Thai restaurant we've known with great quality seafood!!!!! If you love seafood you have to come, as well if you love curry !!!! I recommend their curry crabs of course. And, I recommend their baked oyster.
I was recommended to come here by my friends friend, she told me this is the best sushi house she has been too. Now, I'm pretty much going here every week, their ingredients are super fresh and good quality, prices are fair and the people there are very nice. Everytime you go there, no matter how much you order, they'll always offer you a free hand roll. I seriously live this place and would totally give them a 5/5 if only their seating aren't that unfortable.
I just had a family dinner here for the first time, we were impressed by their food! We thought they would probably have really plain and simple dish due to the name of this place but surprisingly they have a lot of delicious and unique dishes! I recommend their lamb dumplings if you're a lamb lover. The peanut butter mix with cold noodles and chicken is probably the best ever!!!!!! Also, their dessert fried egg white with red bean is so awesome! Overall this is a great place except my family and I don't really like the manager of this place
I used to go to this place every weekend because they have the best hk style dessert that I've known. But I stopped going to this place because for almost a year they don't have anything new which became boring to go there for dessert after a while. This place is a great idea for dessert tho, it is tidy and clean and most importantly delicious dessert. I recommend their egg pudding, roasted caramel pudding with little jelly within and basically everything else is great! Their lunch menu is pretty nice too, bbq pork with rice is so tasty.
I've been here for a few times and I love it. This place is wide, tidy, clean and comfy. Services are pretty nice and fast. Prices are fair and their food is delicious. But they don't have that much dishes, they only have the simple dishes and nothing else which I'm a little disappointed.
This place has opened for at least more than 10 years and their food has become better each year. My family and I would go for dinner here 2-3 times a week back then. Their dinner dishes are delicious, especially their dinner set which serve with their soup of the day and dessert are literally so good. Although it is a small place but it is tidy and clean, services are great!
This place is located in a small food plaza. It is nice, tidy and clean inside with a friendly atmosphere. The ramen comes in a small portion that probably only for one serving. Their half boiled eggs is really good but the ramens aren't as good as I expected. The ramens are nothing compared to those in downtown. This ramen is like instant ramen in a package but a little better. Overall this place is not that bad if ur too lazy to go to downtown.
Didn't know about this place until one of my Asian coworkers took us there after lunch to experience HK milk tea (after all, I'd just taken them for east coast donairs, so it was time to repay the experience).  So how was it?Location/ambience:- Good.  Lots of parking, located in a strip plaza with lots of other restaurants and businesses.  Bright, clean, pretty busy for 2pm on a Friday (maybe 1/3rd full still).  It was a bit of menu overload since they have prices and products listed in multiple areas around the cash register, where you go to order/pay before you get your order. And as with most places in the area, you need to go with someone who knows what's what, or know what you want, to avoid looking like a noob or a tourist :)  Score: 3.5/5Food/Price:- We came for the HK milk tea, which I agree is phenomenal.  Some minor gripes: 1) If you get it cold, you can only get the large or extra large2) You pay a dollar extra for cold vs hot, though I was told this is normal at places that do this drink3) I wasn't asked if I wanted sugar - they just made it with sugar automatically.  Not sure if this is maybe standard for the cold version - my coworker thought they'd ask.  Anyways, no harm done - I usually take tea without sugar, but this is kind of like a tea version of an Iced Cap, and you probably wouldn't want one of those without sugar either.The tea is really quite good - very unique, and I think I'm hooked.  The tea itself is a 5/5, though the pricing was confusing and bizarre so 3/5 for that.Service:- Good, fast service.  As with most non-western establishments, don't expect a lot of big fake smiles and chit-chat, just pleasant people taking your order, and giving you what you paid for.  It's refreshing in a way, as I tend to get tired sometimes of the overly chipper wait staff in mainstream western restaurants.  Score: 5/5.Overall, loving the tea - the menus could use some streamlining - like I said, way too many places to look, so if you're a little less adventurous or don't like asking questions, bring someone who's been here before on your first visit.
Simple, cheap, delicious.  If you want Chinese BBQ, this is the place.  Particularly for those west of the 404 along Highway 7 who don't want to trek out east to First Markham Place's food court, this place can't be beat.  It's located at Valleymede & Highway 7, in the McDonald's plaza.The decor is extremely sparse - basically a small table and counter for sit-down clientelle, but most are just takeout.  Menu is simple and I'd say at least 80% of the people go for the standard $5.50 combo of rice + 2 meats, which also comes with some sauce and a small spoon of that addictive salty green onion ginger salad.  Nasty stuff the first time you try it but believe me it grows on you.  If you do choose to eat in they also provide free tea, and recently even added a microwave for your meals - I guess if you're coming in with others that have food from other establishments?  Or you want your food extra hot perhaps?Come before noon or closer to 1pm otherwise you'll have a bit of a line to stand in.  The meat is hung behind a glass display case (typical of most BBQ places) and you choose what you want and the girl will expertly chop it in front of you and lay it on the rice.  A few times I catch her looking away while she cleaver the meat and I think it's a wonder she hasn't lost a finger before, but she knows what she's doing.  Favourite meats - bbq pork and roasted pork (with the crispy skin - so bad, but sooo good).  Chicken and duck also available, and some sausage.  You can also buy just the meat by the pound to take home - all a good deal.  I could probably eat this stuff every day - and nice to have it local.  It's bare bones in terms of their ambience, but the food more than makes up for it.  Their quality is always bang on, the stream of customers is constant and this place has been around a long time.  Hope it stays here for a while!
Second time here.  Located in a strip plaza on Hwy 7 between Leslie and Bayview, the parking can be a little crazy at lunch hour though they have a few additional spots out back - just come early and you'll be okay.  The decor is modern and tasteful, the prices are quite good (though not quite First Markham Place prices, but then again it's sit-down not quick-serve), and the food is decent.Paid $7.95 for the gamjatang which came with steamed rice and the usual assortment of side dishes.  The soup was decent but lacking spice a bit.  Overall, not bad, though not blown away.  I'll come back to give it another go.  Probably the best affordable Korean place in this immediate area, but if you want better, get your butt to First Markham Place's food court down at 7/Woodbine.ps.  The owners have recently changed the sign to red (was yellow before) so watch for that since the current photos attached to the Yelp posting show the old yellow sign.
Clean, affordable, and tasty - it's a winner.  Had the tikka beef lunch with green salad, tomato/onion salad, and Afghani naan (a much thicker, breadier version of Indian naan) - which was a good portion.  Salads were nice, and the meat was juicy and tender.  It's plenty of food for most, though a few guys had the 'dinner' (ie. same as lunch, but with addition of rice) and managed to find room to get it down.  Also had the mango smoothie - nice, cool, and refreshing, if you don't mind a bit of sugar.  All in all, a nice place, spacious, relatively quick service (order then wait for your number to be called).  My only suggestion is to have translations into English on the main menu above the order counter - we had to ask what everything was and were pointed to their paper/takeout menu to see the translations.  It would've been nice to see those written in small print somehow on the overhead menu as well.
Came here with some guys from work.  Had Peking duck (very nice!), some kind of fish in oil (ok, kinda weird - it was some fish in about a gallon of oil and hot peppers), something with taro paste that resembled deep fried rolls (dang, those were goooood), some garlic green beans (dang, I'm going to need a pack of breath mints..), pigs' feet (fatty but fabulous), and shrimp (eaten with shell, due to laziness - call me spoiled, but I like my cooked shrimp to arrive peeled).  Probably missing something besides that.  The restaurant was clean and classy, and the food was quite good (though I admit I came in with lowered expectations due to other reviews).  The service like most Asian restaurants was sub-par and required flagging the server to get service, but that's par for the course - I don't think there's a single authentic Chinese restaurant I've been to that takes things to the extreme with service like a Western (eg. Jack Astor's) place would.  Can't comment about the value, since someone else paid, but definitely worth a return visit.Probably a 3.5 stars but not much negative really here, so rounding up to 4..
This place is supposedly pseudo-famous for its hand-made noodles.  Indeed, upon entering you can see them hand-stretching the noodles at the back - quite an interesting process!  Anyways, on to the review..Location - wow parking mayhem.  Coming Friday at 12:30pm is not ideal - this place is a fricking zoo.  Indoors was packed as well but fortunately got in pretty quickly after about 5-10 minutes of waiting.  Food - menus are clear and nicely illustrated, though choosing the thickness of the noodles is a crapshoot - you basically choose one of 5 or 6 thicknesses from a miniscule thumbnail picture where it's impossible to tell what they actually look like.  I chose something in the middle which turned out to be about twice the thickness of spaghetti.  Proceeded to order their standard beef soup and it was quite nice - the noodles were, well, noodles, and the broth and meat were reminiscent of pho.  Actually, if you just replaced the wheat noodles with rice noodles, you couldn't pho'led me (har har) into thinking this was a Viet soup.  Anyways, it was ok, but nothing spectacular.  As for other food, the lamb skewer ordered as a side actually tasted nothing like lamb to me and was overly spicy, but perhaps I'm comparing too much to a western preparation where the lamb's natural gaminess comes through more.  Service - food came quickly, but as with most busy Eastern food establishments, for anything additional a server had to be flagged down, including ordering and paying.  Overall, a decent experience, though nothing to write home about.  I'd come back if the need for noodles resurfaces.
Came here with a small group from work for lunch on a Friday.  Arrived just before noon and a line already started to form.  Glad we got there when we did though - within 10 minutes the line was out the door, and even though we were there early, it took about 15 minutes to prepare our orders!  Fast food this is not; the service at similar establishments (eg. Hero Burger) is much quicker..On to the food..The poutine was good - squeaky curds, gravy, and fries, though nothing spectacular - but good.  Salty as heck, but poutine always is, and the portion was a good size, so I'd say 4/5.  Burger was phenomenal - that's the only thing that gets a 5/5 here.. Nice and tender, great bun and add-ins.  I'll get the bigger one next time (yes, I'll be back - though not after noon due to service, and will skip the poutine).A note about service - one of my coworkers ordered poutine and it came with no cheese, so he took it back.  The guy just sprinkled some curds over top instead of making him a new one.  Me being the agitator, I asked the guy to get him a new one, because really, the curds should be in warm gravy to make it right.  He didn't like that but agreed to do it.  Then, he noticed that there *was* cheese in the poutine, just at the very bottom of the container.  The guy who dished it up had held the container upside-down, so when my coworker opened it, everything was buried at the bottom.  The guy behind the counter thought it was my coworker's fault, but uh no - those containers are meant to open only one way - and it was the guy's fault for putting everything into the wrong side of the clamshell to begin with.  Rather than being apologetic, he was obviously miffed.  Not cool guy - in this industry the customer is always right, and in this case, he actually was, so that's a major ding on this place, along with the slow service in general.Overall it would be a 4/5, but service is taking it down a notch.  I'll be back and will update if things get better (or, yikes.. worse).
FANTASTIC!!!! I seriously love this place - I love the decor, if you are fan of rustic feels. This place will make you go gaga on alot of their decor. They have different chairs per table, apparently they were collected from an antique store, that's why the chairs are all different. How neat is that? Services was excellent, the food was great. I love pasta and they have delivered the pasta I've been longing for. I got the meatballs and spaghetti.. they have HUGEEEEEE meatballs! I eat alot and I barely finished my plate.  I didn't have any more room for the dessert. But I will be back!!!
This place is pretty good. Its good for those days where you just want to eat something fast and cheap. I recommend the summer rolls! I love them and always get the Viet coffee! Yum!! I've been here for a couple of years now. This is still def. my fav for PHO.
Man I used to come here all the time because their food was really good. But somehow this nights dinner was pretty bad. And I came here HUNGRY TOO. Where food should just taste great regardless!!!! We ordered the veggie plate.... it was so hard!! It was like chewing on raw veggie.The rice was like mushy.... and the soup had like no taste! I am very disappointed. .time to get myself some McDonald. ....
This place is alright, nothing real special about it. There are better options out there. The price is ok - pretty average. I did find their noodles too salty though. The layout of the place is also very Japanese style, but I think they just finished cleaning the washroom, it smelled like washroom in there. It's nice that this place is in Richmond Hill, and it's close to home - but they need to up their game on their food for the competition that's around. The staff are friendly and they are pretty quick with their food. It's not woah, this place is awesome. It' just very average here.Overall, I don't think I'll come back. There are better options!
First time at this restaurant, it was pouring when we got there, the staff was very tentative and made sure we don't slip on the wet floors, they opened the doors for us and quickly set us down. We went on a Tuesday night and it was pretty quiet. The atmosphere is very romantic, which was perfect for our night out! It was our 1 month as a married couple and this was the perfect place to celebrate. The food came pretty slow though, almost 20 minutes before it arrived. The portion of the food was pretty small to what I am used to. The food was a bit pricey. I am not sure if I would come back here again. The food is good, but maybe not for that price. The atmosphere is also for an older crowd.... I would say 35+.I would rather go downtown for a nice Italian restaurant. Something more fun and hip.
First off, I maybe a little bit bias - but I love this place! Plus I held my wedding here so I'm even more fond of this place. I was looking for something that's Chinese (for my parents) and Western style. I wanted Chinese food, but have a western atmosphere. This is a very hard combination, I found some places where they serve really good food, but the venue - well not so much. So I finally decided to check this place out, I actually had my prom here eons ago, before they were sold, and made it into a Chinese dim sum/dinner place. They really changed up the place, it's very Victorian style inside. Have very high ceiling, and I love gold, so there's gold everywhere! Their food is amazing, so I wasn't worry about their food at all. The only downside... it's not cheap. I would say, this is the higher end of all the wedding venue's I've looked it. But, I end up booking this place because they had everything I wanted. Open bar, dessert table, the Chinese menu for my parents and a stage! I really do love the stage...... The manager there was wonderful, they both made my day so much easier. Everything was on time, and they took care of little details. I really did enjoy working with them. Although, this place did not come with any packages - we had to get our own backdrop/chair covers. But I would still highly recommend this place for future brides/grooms. All my guests told me how full and great the food was, they kept raving about their food (and their open bar).I do have one minor compliant, I did hear from my guests that they need to hire a happier and less grumpy bartender. Apparently he was grunting the whole night........ other than that. Great venue!
Perfect for fast and cheap Chinese food. Everything also comes in a combo too. Makes decisions so much easier. The food is good and it'd also fresh. I love coming here for lunch. This place is often full of kids. So def. Very kid friendly here!
I love coming to this place. I've been here a couple of times and the food quality is still at top notch! I love their lunch specials. It comes with spring roll and soup, their spring roll is always crispy and their soup had a kick of spice which I love. I normally get their pad Thai - chicken! I have yet to try their dessert, it always looks so good! My only complain is that their portion is a little bit small for me!
My parents love coming here. This place is always packed!!! It doesn't matter what time you come, there is always a line. Once we waited for almost an hour.I personally love their cold black tea.They are famous for their soup based. Every time we go for some reason they always get our order wrong. I think its a language barrier.... They don't understand Cantonese or English here. They only speak in mandarin here. Otherwise their food is decent.
Haven't  been here for years. Service still sucks. Food is decent but it's so slow. I got the ma po tofu. It's not bad for the price.im not sure I would come here again..The bubble tea is tiny!!! I finished it with one sip. I'm surprised this place is still open and haven't closed down yet. This should really change to cha time!  The seating is nice... food, service not so much
Heard about this place from a friend. I'm so glad I came here to try! They have lot of unique flavors. The space is very cozy and staff are nice. I love the selection they have between thin or thick noodles. They also have a noodle chef that's on site making live noodles in front of you! It's like a free show. I would also recommend getting their snacks. They start at $2.50 and I LOVE the spciy tofu!
This is always my go to place when I'm out eating with my parents. They love the curry crab - that's pretty much their staple. Everything is pretty good too, I had the clams which was meh. Their drinks are also kinda below par. I think if you were to just come here for the crab and the vietnamese lunch I think it would be good. Otherwise, if you just want a simple vietnamese place - there are better choice out there. Oh and make sure you get the bread to dip in the curry! Soo soo good!
we had the teppanyaki option! Yesssss I can have japanese food everyday! This place hasn't changed a bit the food is still really and the service is also up to standard. But they ran out of lobster!!!!! We only had 2 instead of 4. I guess if you really wanted your lobster, make sure you order it before hand. I've been celebrating my birthday here forever, they used to make you wear the little japanese hat with a fan and then you can actually cook eggs, and the chef will do some tricks! They don't do this anymore! The chef barely talked to us, they used to have a full convo with us, and I actually find that really enjoyable - I find it odd that he just cooks and I eat. At least say something.... Also, the chef will normally tell you to get your camera ready when he's about to set food on fire, he didn't even warn us! Next time I know flame was in my face. We got the 4 people combo with lobster, chicken, salmon, shrimp, fired rice and dessert. I was pretty full! The food is still really good, but I guess I'm just so used to the old style when they used to interact with their guests!
I'd have to give it a 2 star rather than 3. The food tastes great, fresh. I requested if they could have the half boiled eggs to be fully cooked because I am pregnant. The waitress was hesitant and said these eggs are already precooked the way it is and they can't do anything about it. How can you not? Food is food, you can cook it longer whether it is precooked or not. It was very disappointing to hear that it cannot be done. So I gave my raw egg that was split in half to my husband. A simple request can't be done and not accommodating to your first time client isn't right. There's minimal seating and you can't make reservations. Parking is ridiculous during peak times. Decor is nice, feels fresh and clean inside. However, they really need to work on customer service.
BEST BURGERSLet's just say, this is the best burger joint I've ever tried. Nothing beats how tasty, fresh, non-greasy, non-oily, the burger and fries are. Their stuffings are the same (I believe) for all their burgers. Very easy menu to follow and it tastes so damn good. You know that their meat is freshly hand made. Not frozen and flat like other burger joints. The meat is moist and tender and filled with flavour. The bun itself wasn't even oily. Fries too, you can barely see any oil leaking through the bags. Incredible!You won't feel sick after having this burger. You'd want to have another one. COMPETITIONNormally when I have burgers it's usually Hero Burgers. After a Hero burger, I feel nasty and gross. Same goes for Burger Priest. They are great places to have a burger but so OILY having you feeling sick after. I normally can't finish it because of how oily it is.APPROVEDMy picky husband approves of this place. He will now only have burgers from Fresh Burgers. No where else!
DINE IN EXPERIENCEHave always been a huge fan of Indian food and definitely love butter chicken. My husband is a very picky and skeptical eater. He will only stick to the same restaurants where he knows it's safe and food is always good. He gave me a thumbs up when he gave this restaurant a passing mark for good butter chicken. The price of the dinner butter chicken was $16.99 and I don't think it's worth the price for about 4-5 pieces of chicken. It does come with rice or a massive naan. It's the biggest naan I've every seen made. You have a choice of plain or garlic naan. There might've been a third option but I can't seem to remember. Food is delicious, I definitely will be coming here more than once. Oh and their beef and veggie samosa is delicious.STAFFIt's family owned it seems and the food is authentic. The staff is nice and will be checking up on you to see how's the food. TAKE OUTTake out does take a while as they are making it from scratch. It's best that you call in to order. It took about 40 mins for them to prepare our take out order on 3 dinner butter chicken meals. PARKINGIf you are dining in that plaza on the weekend, good luck finding parking. There's a lot of great restaurants in this plaza and there's just not enough parking.
FOODLived in the area for the longest time and never gotten the chance to try this hidden gem. Finally have the chance to try this place and wow, it was good. Came here for lunch where we had the lunch special deal - which makes up for our first visit.Lunch Special:Small soup (a bit too salty) Spring roll w/ sweet and sour sauce on the sideOrder:Chicken Pad ThaiYellow Curry ChickenMixed Fruit Drink SpecialBoth dishes were very good - my husband approved of the pad thai he ordered. The mixed fruit drink tastes really fresh - was a special for Easter Monday ($4 as oppose to $4.95?). The only thing I'd like to add is the potato in the yellow curry dish. It wasn't cooked long enough. If they cooked it longer, it would've melt in your mouth like heaven.The portions were a decent size for a hungry person. I couldn't finish my curry dish and had to take it home with us - was only half way. SERVICEGreat service, all the staff were friendly. All the food you ordered comes out together at the same time. KIDSNot so great for bringing your babies with you. We have twins and it won't fit our double side ny side stroller as it would take up the 90% of the walkway. Bringing a stroller is probably not a good idea for parents. They do have high chairs and booster seats for kids but better off coming with older kids.PARKINGGreat restaurants in the same plaza but limited parking space available. We got here around 1:30PM and we were lucky to find a parking close.
EXPERIENCEAlways a pleasant experience to dine in or to take out from this restaurant. The food is always fresh. Staff is always friendly. WISHLISTThe only thing I wished they had was delivery and all you can eat. CON: PARKINGThere's definitely not enough parking when you have California Sandwiches, Joes Hamburgers, and a doctors office in the same little plaza. There's parking all around the little plaza surrounding this building but still isn't enough.
Food was pretty decent. Service was excellent. Very clean and nice inside. Fairly pricy place to chow.
My favourite place to get Chinese desserts after dinner. Their durian pancake is my absolute favourite. They're mango sago I think it's called is so good. It's a family run business with good service. Only con is they only accept cash. And their dessert is a fair bit pricy for a small portion.
Very nice friendly staff. The food was made fresh. There's a mix of Japanese and Korean style dishes. If you ordered a Korean dish it comes with a few Korean sides at no extra cost. Their eel bimbambap was a tad too oily was hoping for it to be less oily. Very clean and nicely renovated area.
Used to come here all the time going to Bayview S.S. back in the days. Food is good, customer service is good. Their decor is unique. My favourite dish still is their fried dumplings. There is no other restaurant that makes it their way. You can not FIND no other who can replicate the way they make it and the way it tastes.What's sad is they don't do delivery during lunch time, only dinner.
The service is great and food is pretty good. Only downfall is parking. It's shared with Women's fitness club and depending what time you go, you won't find any parking at all. They do have reserved parking but only few spots. It's a close drive from home, walking even would be fine.The quality of food is good and made very fresh. I'd come here again.
Our favourite place to have pho. They make the best avacado milkshake drink. Friendly staff, they will greet you the moment you walk in. Food over all is delicious (e.g. porkchop and rice, spring rolls, etc).The only con about this place is lack of parking space available during peak hours and the washrooms are all the way in the basement. They do have a handicap washroom upstairs, but no one seems to be allowed to use it. I've seen people ordering a large bowl of pho and the staff are fine to give you extra bowls to share amongst the family/kids.
The owners are Korean and they are extremely nice. Customer service is superb. They gave us a complimentary dish of 2 spring rolls. The food was good and tasted fresh. Wished they had all you can eat.Women's bathroom is very clean, and shocked to see how they have a shelf of women products (e.g. pads, tampons...) - that is nice!
I went to this place on Friday ... The place was good with great music ... The light and stage was amazing ... If you know how to dance salsa make sure to come on wed as I did but I am not good in salsa ...  It is nice to have place close by than going all the way to downtown ... I have not tried the food here but my plan is to get booth next time and give it a try.
All you can eat korean BBQ. They have lots of variety of choices all is good. I did not like the miso soup they serve as it did not taste fresh and I had better. The service is nice the place is clean and organized. I will recomend ppl to check out this place they are bit pricy but better quality than other korean BBq. For lunch the choices are limited and the price become not as worth it. Dinner you get better choices for a small price. The washrooms are very nice they are private place for each individual it's rare to see washrooms like that here days which is very unique. They also serve liquire and bottle of wine which is nice and fit perfect with the BBq mood. I did not like the pork as much not sure why I just thought it could of been better.
I love this place ... I been to the once in downtown ... I loved the beer ... But this location got more the place is very nice and the environment is amazing the servers were so friendly ... We ordered flames which was so bonerific I will defiantly come here again
I came here to grab some vegan food. The place seemed old and need some renovation. The food was good but the tea pot were too old and seemed dirty I will suggest new pots for better service. The place seemed original and felt like I am in chines restaurant, which is good but the washroom was old and need maintenance also they were making spring rolls out side in public which I found weird. Over all food was good but the place was old and need improvment.
Nice place I came here to grab some wings.. The wings are good for sure.. They have so many flavors you will get lost when u look at the menu.. The server herself did not know much about the flavors she had to pull a small book to look at what each flab stand for.. Over all the place is not bad.. I have been coming here once in a while and it is a definite place to check out.. The servers are usually hit and the bar is full of tv screens for each table so you can enjoy the game playing. The tv does not have much channeled. So you kind of stuck with one channel or two to watch.
Not a big fan of this place at all.. The place is nice and the seating area is cool and fun to be at. But the food is not my type I had a plate of sweet chicken and they were not impressive the thing that I really did not like is the soup. They had special soup for 3 99 which I assumed is a good deal as all the other soups are like 10 buck. Anyways the soup I ordered was pork soup which was horrible they guy brought a whole station to keep the soup warm and stuff but the soup itself was bad. And I mean bad it is water with bones and the water did not taste good at all. My refunded toon when u come to this place is not to order the soup.
This is one of the new locations which opened near my area. I went to it once to check the place out and give it a try. I have been going there since then. As the food is very good quality. I will say they have once of the beat kababs around the area. Place is very good with nice washrooms. Just make sure in washroom some customers wet napkins for some weir reason not sure y. So will recommend this place to anyone around the area.
Hmm not a fan of this swiss place. I had the chicken from swiss chalet usually I have better chicken. This time not really . salad was not fresh and seemed old so I am not a fan of it. Servers omg where do I start they have old servers like come-on hire something younger. Servers were not bad but I would expect something better for the eyes. Over all I hated the place Cuz it did not meet my expectation of swiss chalet and I am not a big fan of swiss chalet in general as nothing is special about them. Their special dip is ok.
I came to this place as a suggestion from a friend he told me it is one of the best Indian food in the area. The place has been ranked as the top food in Richmond hill for the past two years. The place is over hipped and it did not match my expectation that does not make it bad it is just I expected it special and really good food. I ordered the butter chicken and it was ok too much species which made me feel weird for sometime after. The place is really nice and well organized. The owner is sooo friendly and welcoming which was nice. The service is nice but I did not feel much traditional other than the food the design seem high class restaurant the price was high the butter chicken was 15 buck with no rice or break which is extra 3 dollars for one piece. Which I think is over priced. Overall the place was ok maybe I will try different order and see how it goes.
I can to this place the other day. I ordered the hot chocolate. The drink was good I liked it. The place is well organized and the service is amazing. Washrooms were good as well. I like this place if I will ever be around that area will recommend to give it a shot. The place is busy on Friday night as that is when I went. At that night we were at fox and fiddles and there was a fire alarm but once we were forced out it was cold and we end up going to this place.
I came the other day to grab some wings during the Tuesday special. The place is nice organized with lots of TVs to watch. What I hated the most is how the greet the people incoming. The place is packed as the have half price wings. So they ask you for your name and write it down wait till seats are available then call your name. They were missing some names and misplacing the order of the incoming people. As they do not go out to call for the name although most of the people are outside. Also there were many empty tables, but it took them a while to clean and call people to be seated. Also the expected time was bad. After waiting 20 min the guy said another 20 min and after two min a lady called us and said here are your seats as we were planning to leave. Other than the place was busy the waiting time was annoying the food was good quality and serving was amazing. Washrooms were great. I just wish they improve on the door service specially for Tuesday.
Reasonably priced dim sum. Came here on a Saturday around 11 and it wasn't crazy packed. Personally I rather pay a bit more to enjoy myself, not feel rushed, and not be waiting an hour to eat. This place was quite pleasant given it didnt get packed until a bit later around noonFood was tasty and came out fast and furious and hot
Quite a decent little sushi place located right along Hwy 7 in the Chalmers gate plaza. As you drive along Hwy 7 you can see it's big red sign.The workers inside were all work no play, as in they were not the friendliest, but they did their job with quick effectiveness.My wife and I got a "love boat" with 40 pieces mix of sushi, sashimi and roll. It also comes with soup, salad, jap chae, ice cream (mango or green tea) and your main meal.The love boat is just enough for 2 people, just right. Not too full, not left hungry. The rolls were quite creamy, in a good way. Not overly "chunky", things were finely diced and minced.The sashimi pieces were a tad on the small side, pretty well cut and not too sinewy.Sushi pieces were well proportioned, a smidge too much rice, but still well proportioned. The uni was surprisingly very tasty, a clean taste with little to no odd after taste.The place is a bit small so I can see this place filling up quickly, so you may want to come early.Funny thing to note, the love boat was meant for 2 people and every piece of sushi is evenly portioned. So 4 salmon sashimi, 4 salmon sushi, 2 uni sushi, 8 pieces spicy salmon etc. So each person gets a "fair" potion.It's overall a very nice sushi meal, definitely date worthy.
I really want to give a higher rating, but to be perfectly fair there is more room for improvement then not here.I remember when this spot used to be a mmmmuffins (am I giving away my age now?) Currently it's a cha time which is located right beside the second mall entrance to the bay, and across of TD bank. From the outside the easiest entrance would be the mall entrance beside sporting life.I would like to think I have been here often enough to see this location at it's best and worse. I do come to this mall a few times a week since there's a post office and a gym here, as well the mall is located close to a few large super markets. So when I'm in the mall I always find myself dropping by for some cha time.They put out samples of their bake code goods which is a nice touch since their baked goods is a tad pricey. It's nice to be able to have a sample before spending $6 on a bun.They have a good variety of drinks hot, cold, slush, coffee and so forth. They also have a pretty standard stock of bubble toppings (tapioca, aloe vera, grass jelly etc). I honestly have not had a horrible tasting drink from this place so far (roasted milk grass jelly tea anyone? It's tastier then it sounds!)But where this place loses some street cred is the way they manage orders. It's a nice touch you can customize your sugar and ice level in your drink, but it can really slow down a line when someone doesn't know what they want. Sometimes i see a frustrated persons face when all they want is to pay for a bun.Also i have seen times when the line thins out, but the person in the back isn't making drinks fast enough.They are getting better as they seem to have some more consistent workers, and it seems like it could be a fun place to work (saw a few of the workers taking pix with santa over the holidays), i assume it was a team building thing as the store was closed for a few hours.Overall the drinks are good, and if your in the mall its worth a try. Just be prepared for some mistakes here and there, but over all the workers seem to genuinely want to please.We all make mistakes, so its fine if your not in a rush.
Starbucks - what to say? This location is the closest Starbucks in the south Richmond Hill area. It's located in the same place as a Tim Hortons actually and across of Loblaws. The staff, service and quality of items is pretty much no worse or better then what one can reasonably expect from a star bucks.The only thing that I wish they could improve on is providing more seating, as this location seems to be long and narrow. So there's a lot of "individual" seating, so not a great place for a lot of friends to meet up at.
Came here at 6:30 on a Saturday on a whim.Upon walking in, the entrance is a short small corridor that is basically single file as they seem to cram tables where they canUpon entering, a table for 4 was just leaving. When the waitress came over she asked for "how many", which we said 2. She then said "fully booked" and turned away.No clue why they would ask for how many if they are fully booked. Also no clue why they would just say "fully booked" when a table for 4 just left.Can't recommend at all, and won't be coming back.
Decent place, though a tad on the pricier side for the quantity your getting. Pretty standard fair though the menu is as small as the portions they give.I would come here again, as it's a convenient location, service was quick and friendly and is pretty spacious, but i would never personally suggest coming here. Not the best, not the worse but definitely has room for improvement
Great place for a hot bowl of noodles on a cold chilly day.Malay laksa is their most (in my opinion), pungent and flavorful broth.They have a paper sheet you fill in to select your broth, 2 toppings, a drink, side dishes and noodles.Pretty filling and tasty. Their cold bubble tea drinks are quite large, so if you have a bit of a sweet tooth this place is greatDon't need to say would come back again, as I'm already a regular
Decent little place serving Chinese western style food.The actual space would seat about 30 or so people, and everyone that entered was asked if they had reservations or not.We tried the hainese chicken, which looked and tasted pretty decent, as well as curry beef brisket. The curry was quite tasty and peppery, and both portions were quite decent.It's not the most amazing place, but definitely not the worse. A very solid 3 out of 5
I'm not a big fan of taiwanese food, and have to admit I don't have a huge baseline. But having said that, I found the food here extremely tasty.The regular tea was flavorful, wintermelon tea also very tasty. Stinky tofu was tasty, but definitely taiwanese style and not HK style (no hoi sin sauce) but that was just fine, also came with some pickled vegetables. Rice combos were quite filling. Nice side dishes of small veggies, reminds me a bit if ban chan (Korean side dishes). Very filling and tasty. Was very surprised they also accept credit card! Will definitely be coming back
Perhaps the best pho in richmond hill that is actually owned by Vietnamese people and not Chinese. Overall pretty good, decent portions for food, friendly service.Be warned they are cash only and do not take credit cardAlso the bbt is pretty small for what your paying. It's tasty, but not support satisfying in terms of quantity.
I came in here optimistic and walked away.......ok! Its hard to describe, as this place has its pros, and then it also has its cons. Overall I would say this place is a very solid OK, at least with the noodles.I like the idea of this place, which is similar to deer signature garden where you can select your own noodle mix. You select your noodle broth, noodles, toppings and if you like for a bit more you can get a bubble tea (presotea) and a side dish.The noodle bowl itself came out OK. They have some interesting flavors for a bit more money, such as truffle, curry, garlic butter to name a few but unfortunately the actual taste of the broth is still largely pork bone based. I would say skip the disappointment, as the flavors seem like they take the pork broth and just throw in some curry powder, or some garlic butter AFTER the fact as the "special flavors" dont really come through that distinctly, so its not worth the extra money.The bubble tea is quite tasty, definitely presotea level if you like them. The noodles themselves are quite ok as well, and they do seem to have some other interesting dishes, such as a eel rice stone bowl.I will come back to try out their other dishes, and if in the area would not hesitate to come here to eat, and I would tell people to definitely give this place a try but I dont think I can tell people to travel very far to give this place a try. Its quite decent, but not worth a special trip.
This place doesn't wow, or really differentiate itself in terms of Kfood. But that's not to say it's any worse then any other place out there. I would say this place errs a bit on the better side of the scale of things.Service can rarely be spotty, but most tints it's quite reliably fast and efficient.The food is pretty on par for what you pay, and quality also. I find it hard to fault the place honestly, but it definitely has room for improvement. If your in Richmond Hill and want some good korean food this is pretty much the place. But I wouldn't tell anyone to go out of their way to try this place either
My wife and I were both working from home today and were feeling adventurous for lunch. I did a quick Yelp search and found this restaurant in the area and decided to give it a try based on other Yelp reviews.We were not disappointed.The menu was a good mix of food that we recognized (chicken, beef, curry, roti etc) with some other menu items we never saw before (shark sandwich?).We ordered the large curry chicken and jerk chicken and were not disappointed.The portions were very generous and tasty. The rice had beans inside of it, and was topped off with a bit of the sauce from our dish selection. So the curry chicken dinner, the rice had some curry flavoring to it, and the jerk chicken rice was flavored with jerk chicken. Nice little touch to really make the dish flavor stand out.Each was served with a small side salad.The curry and jerk chicken were excellent. The food was piping hot when it came out, and packed a lot of heat.I dislike places where the "spicy" flavors are either heavily vinigered (think Tabasco or Frank's hot sauce), or are just packed with chili's where it burns my lips and mouth long after the meal is over.The spiciness is tolerable at first with the food served here and then builds up. The faster you eat the hotter it gets! But if you slow down and sip water, the heat mellows out again to a tolerable level. If you pace yourself you can keep a certain level of spiciness going.Its a bit tough to describe, but if you want heat, the food here brings it to you!Will definitely be coming again.
My go to vegetarian restaurant. Food and service always consistently good. Very good portions, and did I mention that yes its all vegetarian (mock meat)!
Was just here tonight Dec 27 around 7 pm with 3 other of my friends.While the food was some what decent compared to their other locations this place still fell short.We were promptly seated although they were quite busy.Our server did not come to our table until 15 minutes after we were seated and asked us if we had been here before, which we said no. He went through how to order in a rushed tone. We asked for water, and when he came back we were ready to order. We ordered 4 lbs of a variety of seafood, each lbs had its own add on (ex. Mussels and sausage, shrimp and corn etc), the rice and Cajun fries.When we got our food, one of the orders was wrong (gave us 2 lbs of clams when we just asked for one).They checked and confirmed our order was screwed up, but no apology.When our last order finally came (shrimp and corn), the entire bag had just ONE corn. I didn't know I was paying $1.25 for each small slice of corn.....either it was per piece or they just gave us one corn slice.Secondly, most of the clams we got were empty. The ones that were open had no meat, and there was a bunch not opened (likely dead).Our server never came to check on us, and we got water refills from other servers.Overall this experience errs on the dissatisfied and disappointed side, especially since this was not a cheap meal.If I ordered a plate of fried rice and got one shrimp in it, I would laugh and just eat it since its not expensive.But when your spending over $100, and dont get good food, at least give me good service. Very mediocre food, pricey AND bad service.....well what can I say?
My wife and I really wanted to like this place based on all the stellar reviews but unfortunately have to leave dissapointed.We came here on a Thursday night at about 6pm and ordered the "love boat".This came with a salad that was obviously sitting in a fridge for a while. The cucumbers inside the salad were quite obviously left over from when they shave the outside of cucumbers to make rolls, as it was just thr circular core of the cucumber. There was miso soup and also another small soup with some sort of noodle.The boat came out and I think it was over sized for the amount of food that sat on top.They had a plastic tree in it as decor, but I find that useless.There was a significant amount of escolar (wax fish - if you don't know what this is please google), odd colored salmon and a small amount of "special" sashimi (really just one shrimp?)Most of the sushi pieces had a smearing of mayo, makes me wonder what are they trying to hide, as mayo on nearly every piece of sushi is just weird.The rice in the sushi pieces were all irregularly shaped. Almost as if they grabbed random handfuls and squished it down. Seemed very amateur as i can make similar sushi rice at home, and that's not saying a lot.Sushi rice was overly sweet and squished, sign of to much vinegar, and too much mixing as i could barely make out the grains.Every piece was pretty irregular in shape and size. In not saying every piece has to be perfect, but at least try to be consistent in your dish served. Some places like it smaller, some places bigger. I haven't seen mismatched salmon sushi pieces before...Sashimi pieces were all cut irregularly and also quite a few looked "discolored" possibly because they squished a lemon slice on top. The acidity perhaps cooked it.Wasabi was weak and powdery - possibly low grade or expired?Tea was very watered down.....They did give us 4 spring rolls "on the house". The servers were very very nice, sadly their sushi chef isn't up to par...3 stars for service, 2 stars for sushi.For what we paid could have easily gone elsewhere more satisfying
Having had a bad experience at my last lunchtme buffet visit i thought to try againMy wife was anxious to have indian for dinner and we decided to try them at dinner time due to the warm ambiance of their place and it being less noisy than some other places we go toWell I must say its quite a different experience in the evening. Warm and attentive service and the place was busy with Indian families and several birthday parties.With focus on seafood based dishes and the mandatory Burtha I can say the food was very very good and the dinner service excellent.They rock out the naan and pickles like everyone else but being a fussy seafood eater I enjoyed the dishes. It takes extra effort to rock out a fish dish and with extra effort in quality makes for a tasty meal.I mentioned to the server that i was disappointed with the lunch buffet and the owner came by and assured me that they had some changes in the kitchen staff and with menu selection changes for the lunch buffet that i can be assured of a good meal at lunch.Pricing is the norm with generous portions
My benchmark for Brasilia style buffet is in New York and at $75 pop it is not a fair comparison but it is authentic latin American foodHad an enjoyable lunch but would expect better dinner in reference to grilled meat offeringThey have a decent salad bar with your typical items that come from a can. Hmm  what's you saying bro?Several salads all fresh , dressings are not home made, sliced beets, olives, etc are prepackaged items.Excellent quinoa salad by the wayA soup of the day   Pork and bean soup was tastyPotato salad, some cold cuts, cheese, and sliced apples with mayonnaiseThe Salad bar on its own is a satisfying  lunchThe drama is all about the grilled meats served up on swords hot off the bbq grill and sliced up for youWe had sausage, 2 types of beef, chicken wings and some ribs. They were all good and don't be shy eat all you wantNot bad for lunch No complaints but it is $25 per person and you will get your money's worth and more if you are super hungryIt's a very fancy room and Nigel our server was very nice and impeccable in his attention to us.For dinner it is more expensive so my expectation would be for chicken breasts and fish being served and maybe some more elaborate buffet itemsI was disappointed only on the buffet. As a foodie i was expecting something more artisinal in the price point and more gourmetCanned sliced olives along side Kalamata olives  , grilled beets not canned sliced beats, Italian dressing that isn't Kraft, maybe for ace bakery or foccacia breads not pitta squares, no nacho chips or hummus.  I was expecting stuff that was Brazilian or latin on the salad bar instead.It was still a nice lunch and may be different for dinner and came here with no ideas in my head except that it was a brazilian style bbq restaurant.It is that indeed but it isn't really that at all and for many they don't care but for the elite foodies they do expect some authenticity
Larger portions than expected so we did need a doggie bag especially for the gallon of hot and sour soupWe focused on seafood dishes so the eggplant and shrimp hotpot, and the shrimp and tofu dish were orderedFood arrives quickly with hot teai am not sure as someone mentioned that it is Hong Kong style if that means lack of flavor then this is what they serveIt's quality ingredients but i did need to add salt and hot sauce to everything except the soupNot a bad thing just that i expected more flavorWhat I plan to have next time is the lobster special for 4.....that looked tasty as the table beside me chowed down If that's the style of food then that's ok
I don't really get it but after having entertained some business clients here a few times I really was disappointed on each occasion. It seems that they have almost given up in trying to be a real destination place and are just coasting along offering an indifference to their guestsThe olive oil they serve is also cheap as it has a kind of medicinal smell to it which denotes lousy olive oil.Milestones offers a excellent service experience that these folks can learn from but then they don't do pizzaIt is really all about the pizza (hence the name associated with an oven) and not having a real wood fired oven or pretending to have one isn't right. I will give them credit for offering a gluten free pizza before anyone else I find it hard to recommend them as they seem to take their customers for granted and really if I drop $200 on a meal for 4-5 people then I truly do expect better.You can tell the pizza is from a gas oven as it takes 15-20 minutes to cook as opposed to 2 minutes if its truly a wood fired Neapolitan oven.I am disappointed that somewhere along the way the owners just gave up and figure they can just milk the customers for whatever they are worth.
I make a weekly trip here as i can also get my cheese at Grande Cheese and my foreign newspapers at the variety store next doorThis is a crazy store There is a department store section, a food court, a guy crankin out waffles, a computer store, and a health food store, a cosmetics section and a water purifier area. They have samples on Saturday to try out. I buy pretty much the same things all the time with a new item added now and then.Sushi Grade Salmon - and i now make it Arburi styleKorean BBQ short ribsProbably the best fruit selection as Koreans are picky about their fruitSpicy Canned Tuna - cannot be found anywhere elseBeef  or Tofu soup in the prepared meals section near the bakeryFrozen dumplings and red bean ice creamA great bakery with the standard rice cakes and delicious pastries and cakes and beats a cheesecake anytimeCashiers have the biggest smilesNo charge for plastic bags (still not sure why Loblaws charges for a plastic bag)I have gotten into making Korean pancakes with shrimp, Japadogs clones  from Vancouver which I get my seaweed from here and red kale that i used to make chips fromi feel like i am in Korea when i shop here and i hide my iPhone so i don't get the Samsung people following me....shhhhhh  biggest selection of Samsung Galaxy cases anywhere and last week they had a ton of festive socks on specialThey do not offer and real bread so go next door for that
Awesome Thai in Richmond HillThis place is a family dinner favorite spot and no wonder its all in the ingredients and experienceTry the Larb Lettuce Salad which is a lettuce wrap with minced chicken , thai herbs, lime and onionsTom KhaTaley is their Coconut Seafood SoupMussamum Curry Beef Brisket offers up the meat that's simmered in curry with potatoes, peanuts and onionsAnother special is the Mixed Seafood in Young Coconut . I guess this is a baby coconut shell that is full of stir fried seafood with coconut, basil, red peppers, carry and coconut milk. Its a delicious dish with an impressive presentationAnother different dish is the Spinach in Thai Black bean sauce. The spinach is stir fried for your pleasureNow for the fried rice the Baked Pork and Olive Rice in a Hot Pot which includes cashewsWhat I love about this place is they have the usual Thai staple dishes but the chefs go above and beyond with interesting dishes for a refreshing dining experienceService is quick and friendly and it can be noisy as family's laugh and chat during their tasty dinnerGenerous portions means leftovers for the next day
I have been here several times and have always enjoyed my dinner.It is probably the only place I have been to that has had a crazy mix of orientals, Muslims and Caucasians eating Malaysian and Thai foodNasi Remak Melaka is the reason I come here but the reviews suggest a hit or miss approach.if you are unsure of what you are ordering then ask so you wont get a surprise of like i did "well we must have ordered boiled chicken because that is what it looks like and that is what they brought"i love the curried fish dishes which are a specialty in Malaysia
These folks have an amazing catering groupHaving just attended a conference in Richmond Hill these folks knock it out of the parkA very trendy and curated offering to surprise everyoneAwesome pastries, fruits and yogurts and gluten free itemsCheese and veggie and humus dip trays with artisinal breads for a snack at breakChicken and eggplant parm sandwiches, salads, innovative wraps (red and green breads with cool fillings) and Tiramisu,    connoli and more for sweet teethPlus other treats Sure beats the ugly catering we have had in the past at many other events we have attended
More than just Congee but if you need a shrimp congee fix then this place is a good startSunday night and it's jammed with many of the large family tables taken upThis is a great spot to order a pile of dishes and spin the lazy susanI would say it does cater to the local asian community with specific dishes that they would come to expectHonestly I am the only white family here tonight which can mean many things but to me it just means that the food must be good if that's the caseTonight we just order off the chef specials and have the usual generic beef n broccoli, general tao chicken,  lo mein shrimps but we had to have congee. Foods good with ample portions and a pretty broad menu to choose from so all palates will be happyIt can get noisy so maybe not a good spot for a date where serious conversation is requiredTake out counter is at the back and the do have a separate accessibility washroom as well
I come here only for their milk tea and toasted bun with condensed milk and butter,  Love their milk tea; both hot and cold.  Cold milk tea with ice cream is yummmmTried honey drink with ginger; not bad.  ** Free French Toast or Toasted bun with condensed milk and butter on birthday with ID - dine in only **  Just noticed this birthday freebie when waiting for take out today : )
Haven't thought of writing a review after until I've tried their "crab meat and egg white with noodle in pumpkin soup".  There is "real" crab meat and it is the only restaurant that serves this noodle.  It came in a big plate and was in big portion.  It is good for six to eight people.  This noodle is listed in the dim sum menu.  This is a must try  : )The rice noodle of this place is also unique coz it comes with a jar of "warm" soy sauce. Most of the restaurant will come with a jar of soy sauce, but this is the only restaurant that comes in warm.
I've come here for a few times and not a time has ever disappointed me.  Their curry is GREAT!  It is always to the right level of thickness.  If you like spicy, basil chicken is highly recommended. Their pad thai is a must try as well.  Everything here is yummmm!
Grand opening today and it's packed.  Even though it's packed; the food have been arrived fast.  We have a few things to share:  Pork cutlet with fruits and salad.  It's nicely presented with fresh fruits.  The pork cutlet is crispy golden brown on the outside and tender inside.  Both the curry veal on rice and baked chicken A La Portuguese are rich in flavor.  The veal and chicken are juicy and tender.  The lunch set comes with soup and drink.  I love their borscht soup. Just seeing its rich tomato red color makes my mouth water.  All of us ended our meal with a cup of hot milk tea.  It's great to warm us up before going out in the freezing cold day!
Nice decor and cozy!  This restaurant is decorated as what its Chinese name implies: "blue and white porcelain place".   The lunch combo special comes with double boiled soup, one spring roll and an entree (rice/noodle).  The soup is boiled with lot of ingredients and it is intensely flavored.  The sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaves comes in big portion.  Before the bamboo steamer arrives, I have already smelled the lotus leaves.  It smells both refreshing and delicious.  The lunch combo is at great price; $8.99!!  Their congee special ranging from $17.80 to $38.80.  The lunch snacks are of reasonable price as well.  Fast and attentive service.
Their eel rice noodle roll isn't eel rice noodle roll anymore.  They put Japanese seaweed salad in the noodle roll, and there are only tiny bits of eel.  Very disappointed!!  Lobster and fish congee is bland and lack that creamy texture; both the lobster and fish have no flavor.
Heard a lot about this place lately and finally came here to give it a try.  Came here around 2:30 today for a late lunch and it was packed!!  Everyone who was waiting in line had an order sheet on hand and was deciding what to eat already.  The wait was just ten minutes and it wasn't that bad tho.  I had the noodle combo with tomato pumpkin soup base and with two toppings; beef tendon and pork liver.  The soup was good but what I wanted to write about this place is........... their side order.  Every combo can order two sides for $1.75 each.  We had chicken wings and ox tongue.  The ox tongue came first.  There were two round pieces and on a small white plate without ANY presentation.  It looked worse than the Korean banchan......... hmmm...... and I started wondering why this place was THIS packed!!  I grabbed my chopsticks and picked up that ox tongue...... putting it between my teeth and gave it a bite.... OMG....... it was juicy and tender!!   Most restaurants cut the ox tongue in thin slices but this was THICK!!    I have to give  5 stars for my fave cooked to perfection.  Chicken wings were hot and crispy.  Service was ok.  The server who took our order was kind of rude, but the one who gave us the bill was nice.  Service 3 stars.  I'll give it a 4 overall.** Ask for their homemade chili sauce...... it's so gooooood!! *****Cash only! ***
This is surely a hidden gem not hidden.......... why??.......... coz there are always a bunch of people waiting for their numbers to be called!  How could a place be hidden with a whole bunch of people always around?  "23!" ....... oh....... we would be next!!  One of the staff was cleaning up the table and another staff called out "24" already.  Our server gave us the tea and told us that the dessert of the day was Herb Pudding.  She left us a piece of paper and a tiny pencil, and on it we wrote:1.  Fried smelly tofu S2.  Century year old egg with tofu3.  Braised pig intestine and beef shank4.  Numbing spicy cold noodle5.  Danzai noodle6.  Savoury sticky riceSmelly tofu is like durian; you'll either love it or hate it, and they both SMELL!  We got the small order which came in eight pieces.  It came in small cubes with sauce and some pickled cabbage.  It was hot, crispy and soft within.  Great to eat with spicy sauce.  The tofu together with the century year old egg was silky soft, the sauce was tasty, and it brought the taste of tofu to the next level when eating with the green onions and parsley which had been topped as garnish.  Braised pig intestine and beef shank were tender.  The sauce in numbing spicy cold noodle was made with sesame sauce, and the noodle was chewy.  It wasn't spicy!  Both the Danzai noodle and sticky rice were good.  Danzai noodle came in soup with ground pork, been spout, and egg and a shrimp.  The dessert was sold out at the time we wanted to order.  They only serve one kind of pudding each day and is of limited quantity.  **Got to order fast*****Great food and excellent service!! Worth the wait!!***
Disappointed with the lemon chicken with rice in hot pot.  A few slices of lemon were put on top of the chicken as garnish, but couldn't taste any lemon.  There were just a few chunks of chicken, and they tasted bland : (
The menu here is simple and the place is neat.  I ordered the 4 oz freshburger.  They gave me my receipt with the order# and I sat down to text.   Surprisingly, they didn't call my number but instead my burger was placed right in front of me.   It came with lettuce, tomato, cheese and sauce.  The bun was soft and patty was thick, tender and juicy.  The sauce was good and just the right amount.  It was just too yummm!  **Excellent service! **
I bet no Brazil fans wanted to cook or even eat after the heartbreaking game!  What a good excuse to get take-out.  Passed by here and pulled in. It is a small restaurant and it was kind of quiet.  Ordered sweet and sour pork and a half soy sauce chicken.  The food were ready in 10 min!  They used aluminium containers and the food were still hot when I reached home.  The sweet and sour pork was a bit soggy after it had been covered in the container for 20 min. Taste good tho!  Guess it would be better if dine in.  Chicken didn't have enough flavor.  Will go eat in sometimes and try sweet and sour pork again.  No mood in eating today actually : (* 10% on pick up order *^^ complimentary dessert even for take out **
This place is clean and neat.  It has a few enclosed booths and some opened booths in the central area.  Some of the enclosed booths are overlooking the street.  Top-notch service; the owner always welcome us with a cheerful smile, and she will check on us throughout the meal.  I'm always impressed by the freshness and presentation of the food.  The owner surprises us with complimentary dishes everytime; somen noodles, spring roll, gyoza and even hand roll.  I'm always happy and full leaving this place!
I am a regular customer at the one in Scarborough.  Great food and friendly service 'THERE".   Expecting the same quality of food and service when I came to this new location for lunch today.  But I have experienced the worst service ever.......... I have been asked by the waitress, "You don't speak Mandarin???  Why don't you speak Mandarin?" at the time I placed my order.  She kept repeating the questions in that insulting tone.  Did I go into a portal and went to a place that only speaks Mandarin that I didn't even notice?  Ruined my mood in eating, but still I ordered two of my fave dishes; pan fried pork buns and noodles with green onion oil sauce.  The pork in the buns was dry and blend.  Noodles were soggy, mushy and sticking together.  There wasn't much green onion and it was tasteless.  The food in Scarborough is so much better.  The pan fried pork buns there are juicy and tender.  Noodles there are great and there isn't a time that I have a bowl of soggy noodles.  Very disappointed about this new location, and this is my first and last time!!
I come here for take-out most of the time; and only for two things.  Sesame dumpling with mixed nuts and sesame dumpling in ginger soup.   Their sesame dumplings with mixed nuts are delicious.  The dumplings are soft and have a bit of chewiness.  There is generous amount of sesame paste inside and it will burst out in the first bite.  Great service!!
I had their special lunch with sushi, sashimi and tempura on my first visit; the tempura wasn't crunchy and the sashimi were cut too thin.  Opted for the sushi bar menu on my second visit and everything was delish.  Their foie gras was so creamy and buttery; they just melted in your mouth.  Slow service tho!
What's not to like. The food was excellent from the appetizer, main dish to the dessert. The atmosphere is classy yet relaxed and informal. The service was professional and attentive.
This place never disappoints .  Service is outstanding and the food cannot get any better when it comes to  teppanyaki.  I've been here with both family and a friends night out. The sushi is also fresh. The cooks here know what they are doing.
Great place for a high standard restaurant without the high standard prices. My salmon was so moist and cooked medium rare like it should be.  Parking is a pain on Saturday night and service was a bit slow but this is what happens at a popular place on Saturday night.
Why should my Italian wife cook when you have this place around. Always go for the panzerotto and the size is huge. Pizza is the best in the GTA.  Sauce is homemade and all ingredients used are fresh.
This place was just newly decorated .  It is brighter and more modern looking with more space. They added an unlimited drink station which is a bonus. The chicken is very good and you can put your own level of heat. Live the rice and potato wedges for sides.  The family packs are a great deal for 3-4 people. Service is excellent but you tip before you get your food and I'm not sure if the money gets to the right people.
I would go here just for the French onion soup which many restaurants don't offer anymore. The place has a classy atmosphere yet you can be as casual as you want. The steak and seafood is done to perfection. Places like this I am confident ordering a steak rare because they know what they are doing.
Very fresh food and the pastries look to good to pass up. The service is excellent from the time you place an order to when you are finished as your table gets cleared. Gets busy during lunch. Would give it a 5 but it's still a little pricey especially if you go often.
Been meaning to try this place since it opened. I was worried that as non Asians we would be intimidated by either the staff and the food. After all this is not The Mandarin. I can tell you that this place has everything from hard core Asian cuisine to simple rice and noodles. The food is delicious and fresh and we are picky Asian food eaters. The place is packed every night so I am not the only one that enjoys this place. The ambiance is classy yet casual. We were not intimidated by the staff and they were very polite and helpful to our naive needs.
One of the best pho places around. You get so much for an inexpensive price. Went Friday night and we were lucky to get a seat. They also have noodles and a large selection of exotic drinks including bubble tea. A must try for pho lovers.
Starbucks is Starbucks but what sets this location aside from the rest is the friendly staff. From the cashier to the baristas these people make you feel welcome and if you are a regular they call you by name.
Usually the service is excellent but for some reason the last visit had no wait staff visit us for almost 15 min after being seated. We decided just to get up and start the salad buffet. Finished salad and still no wait staff. I'm pretty sure we could of eaten and walk out without paying since there was nobody attending to us. We finally flagged a waitress and she saved the afternoon. She was surprised nobody came and I'm sure our table wasn't her responsibility.  If the owner is reading this give Stephanie a raise as she attended to us above and beyond. Thank her for the 4 stars.
Unique food and drinks combination. Spicy but not overbearing. There won't be a dish you don't like.  Yes it's noodles, rice and curry but made in a totally different way. Ordering several plates and share is the way to go. Nice relaxed atmosphere too. Still only take cash only.
Good place for ribs especially during the all you can eat promotion. Recommend the kapow shrimp and generally all their meats. Very kid friendly environment and a good stop before or after a movie next door.
Been here many times and it never disappoints. We have had my daughter's communion and recently confirmation party.  The food was excellent and the service top notch. The atmosphere is classy and there are nice areas for special party's. They will change the menu to your liking.
Excellent service if we eat in and quick turn around if we take out. For the price you get a lot of food. Can't go wrong with a family pack when taking out.
The place is chic and makes the best drinks in the area. All kinds of bubble tea and slushies that not only taste good but look good. There is also a large selection of food from noodles, rice, hot pots etc. Great place for a date or a conversation .
DURIAN PANCAKES rock!  Durian is a fruit, Pancake is a dessert therefore a FRUITY DESSERT.  This is the only place I know that has a Durian dessert in the GTA.WHY do I come for Durian dessert?  Do you really want to bring Durian home and STINK up the joint?The Pancake is a thin cold wrap that holds WHIP CREAM inside.  In the middle of the cream is Durian meat and all it takes is that small amount as it is so CREAMY its like Ripen Banana but less SLIMEY.This place opens in the EVENING and thats the perfect time because after having Durian Pancake, you probably want to avoid any place public because the SMELL of it will be KO lights out for others.Some people are known to be addicted to Durian and there are many varieties and people get picky over the kinds they will eat even at more cost.This place is actually an Open Patio-like setting that opens up to the inside of the Mall so every passer-by can be TEASED by your odour.  The secret is that the person eating it won't smell it, so make sure you're the one of the group having it or else SUFFER like the others.
If you've read my review of All Star Vaughan location, then you will know I designate this place as a Sports Bar.  In comparison to the Markham spot, this place actually has private Television at the BOOTHS but not as new as the ones at Vaughan.  This is definitely an ADVANTAGE as you do not have to TILT your head constantly to properly angle your vision towards both your friend and the Television.  If you don't make an effort to tilt your head at Markham location, your friends will know 100% you didn't hear a thing they said while you watch the RED WINGS win!The Wings are just as good as ever, but once again STICK with Wings and you'll be a happy customer moving up the ranks to your way to becoming an All Star.More waitress than the Markham place but on PAR with the Vaughan spot.  Cuteness level I still give to the Vaughan location as I believe the other two places always keep their waitress too busy to be HAPPY or at least have time to ENJOY their work experience.  Poor Girls :-(Parking can sometimes be difficult as the lot is actually small and the parking setup/dividers are actually at a SLIGHT angle so if you're not a great driver in tight spaces, please drive SAFELY!
Cute little place in Times Square Plaza that does BEAUTIFUL individual cakes.  Again it's a small place that I've told my friend about, but unfortunately it's not an ideal DATE place in his opinion.  Food comes first before Date is MY opinion.  He was right as this CLEAN White & Metallic decor is so small that wherever you sit from the 3-4 tables, everyone will hear your TOPICS.  I think the waitress overheard me say the MILK on my Latte was too Frothy, actually it wasn't.  MY BAD!You'll also notice the Culinary Diploma hung on the wall next to the Kitchen.  It's almost hung there like a Menu Board but it's hung there with PRIDE.This place advertises High Tea which I wish to give a try someday.  The cakes were beautiful and when we CUT into it that was when the fillings make a perfect color contrast with each other as if you're going on an exploration and DISCOVERING something new to man-kind.You'll notice it's more of a place for the LADIES or Soccer-Moms and as you know Times Square is an Asian Plaza.  GUYS should try this out too and start the Dessert Appreciation Revolution(DAR)!I heard the Pastry Chef does some lessons as well which I'm interested too as Pastry is too technical for me at this moment.
Useful or Useless reviews.  It's not determined by medium as much but by the users that feed input into them be it on the technological web or traditional word-of-mouth.  It is also by the end-users that consume the input...Reviews, just like Meals are up to the end-user to determine the value with-in.  The end-user be it review-readers or meal-eaters always have a CHOICE to accept or refuse what they are offered.It's been such a long time since last I visited Kim Tao.  The changes notably the expansion opening up 30% more real-estate. Secondly, if I remember correctly they have made updates. (Entrance way, Lcd TV, etc...)  It looks to me that newcomer local Hot Pots and updates from existing Hot Pots has enforced mandatory change to the face of Kim Tao to stay battle-ready.Looking at prior reviews now. It's amazing how some of those events happened to our Flaming Lips(UYE) group as well -= Useful  =-.  Full automatic top-up of Iced Tea/Plum Juice Pitchers, so much we couldn't finish. Also we were seated booth-sitting(A5) in the new area which seems to have less ability for service-contact and require a bit of pro-activeness for request.Beef(Non-seafood) Unlimited Food/Drink($15.99)(Fri/Sat/Sun +$2.00) Hand-sliced Beef is nice to see as it's normally a home-made ingredient. Handmade Cuttlefish Balls are good -= Useful =-,always my favourite anywhere while the Handmade Balls here seemed bigger in circumference than other places needing more time/patience than the cooked ones. My mistake Eric, it's the cooked Balls that are ready when floating -=Useless me =-. Overall, ingredients are good and selection usual as with most Hot Pot dining nowadays. The use of side-tables to allow more table space is a nice touch giving more space instead of elbow-to-elbow of raw food always getting on clothes/hands due to lack of space. Hot Taro Tapioca Dessert was good not overly sweet and same goes for Cold Mango Tapioca -= Useful =- so save room for Dessert.  Helped dissipate some of the manageable spiciness from Szechuan Ma La Soup(+$4.00) containing good amount of Dried Chilis and Szechuan Peppercorn(numb).
Unlike the previous reviews, I'm not going to rank the Egg Tart in terms of quality for this CITY because I just don't eat that many to know which one is better than which however I am going to rank it based on my personal taste and enjoyment.As I walked up the the only plastic display that is FOGGED up, I opened it to reveal some still warm Egg Tarts($1.00).  They're not just any Egg Tarts but Omega 3 Egg Tarts.  I must be getting old as I'm simply old school thinking that Egg Tart is an Egg Tart no matter which Chicken hatched the Egg.  When I was eating Egg Tart as a KID, I never inspected the Egg that went into the Egg Tart.  I guess I have to be open minded to changes such as Swallow's Nest versions and whatever adaptations that comes for the future generation.  All I want is my Egg Tart to be Flaky and Custardy.When I used the plastic TONGS to pickup the Egg Tart, it held its shape quite well even when using a bit of strength.  When I bit into it, that was what surprised me most is that the Custard was actually SOFTER and more runny than most others while when I picked it up with tongs, it didn't compact and squish in the middle while the flaky pastry wasn't that hard at all but just right.Lucullus also has a fridge with PRE-MADE Chinese Dessert-Style Drinks ready to be picked up to go at your convenience.  4 varieties to choose from and was pretty tempting except that I was on a mission for something else later this evening.  Next time, next time...
Tis the season for Dragonboats, otherwise know as Duanwu Festival.DB Fusion's website speaks for itself...Focus    -  Banquets & Special Occasions.Design  -  Class with Elegance.FUSION -  Tradition meets ModernNot quite speaking my language but exploration is about going outside of the comfort zone and meeting good Friends(T&G) for dinner gave me the opportunity to upscale myself for a moment.Staff slices Peking Duck tableside.                 cha-chingStaff clears dirty plates when needed.            cha-chingBarely any open tables without reservation.  cha-chingService, environment and quality does factor in to the cost reasoning.I believe it's the Modern elements/flavours/prices that I haven't embraced yet, a preference more so.  I do see why others enjoy DB Fusion as much and more.Peking Duck (After Sliced Skin Chopped Duck)(Whole 32.00)Diced Duck Meat Wrapped with Lettuce(Extra 5.00)Eggplant & Minced Pork with Chili,Pepper & Vinegar Sauce($11.80)
The suburbs DESERVE a Korean Grocery Market not only because of growing diversity but also there are LOTS of Korean brand grocery that needs one whole market to DISPLAY it all.  *3.5 STARS*I never imagined that Korean grocery can take up a complete market and I'm so glad I was WRONG.  You probably know by now I've never stepped inside a PAT Central Market when I visit downtown, but I have passed by it many times.It definitely has resemblance to T&T Supermarket in terms of ORGANIZATION, cleaniness and variety.  I wouldn't say it is ALL Korean products as I do see some Japanese and Chinese as well especially in the Tea aisle where I had to read the product description to realize Korean Tea products don't really have Tea in them.I even tried some Korean POPCORN that look so much better than regular popcorn as they are puffed like a balloon but they remind me of Breakfast Cereal.The corner Food Court seems to be an after-thought as it seems to be a run-down area but still have some Korean patrons and a few group of students that keep the 3 businesses(Japanese, Korean, Coffee shop) afloat.The MEAT section of Beef looks so AWESOME.  I wish I knew how to cook Beef Rib Korean-style because those looked amazing.  I passed by the Pastry section which didn't really peaked my interest as it looked identical to T&T to a point.  TOFU had it's own fridge to itself and I realize it even states ORGANIC.Vegetable section was A-OK but what I was interested in was something they even put a PRINT-OUT next to, to display a description and how to cook it, SESAME LEAF(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perilla).  It looks like it is simply an ingredient in an omelette as displayed, INTERESTING.Too MANY Korean dry goods and aisles to speak of, so just GO and see it for yourself.
For nostalgic reasons I find Papa George to be the feel good place to be.  I found myself as a single diner at lunch and felt so comfortable I had a nice conversation with the table next to me and soon after discussed about Hokkaido vs. Hong Kong weather 2 tables down.Demographically aged these Hong Kong customers made the restaurant feel like dining with a bus-load of Casinorama retirees.  Along with caring thoughtful servers, HK style menu, reasonable pricing, I can understand why I felt like I fit in so much.Nothing on the menu is complicating, it's simply done and done the right HK way.  I savour their Chicken steak so much, I've had it with spinach cream sauce and on borscht-instant-noodle.  Always packed during lunch and surprisingly never felt rushed out while chilling with my Lemon iced-tea, Milk Tea, or iced Milk Tea(a bit sweet but so silky smooth).Papa George is a monthly treat, do be aware once you find that special dish of your liking do not venture out too far.  Certain dishes do tend to be unusual and the beef chunks in the borscht is purely for aesthetic purposes, do not bite in there.
My paths with Chiu Chow cuisine is somewhat limited RELATIVELY speaking.Easily the reason being Cantonese is the default selection by Availability and Taste.I know the very basic orders of a Meal and therefore I will share with you here.   2.5'd1  -  Braised Meats          -  Duck, etc...2  -  Chiu Chow Congee  -  Minced Pork, Dried Fish & Diced Oyster3  -  Oyster OmeletteMy mentality with Chiu Chow Food is simple, due to the Food being simple.                                                  Relatively.Simple is good especially for the oil conscious consumers, CC Food is Low Fat.                                                  Relatively.0509  Minced Pork & Dried Fish Congee($4.50 bowl)  -  A-OK0134  Chicken w/ Chinjew Sauce($7.99)                      -  Meh0280  House of Deep Fried Bean Curd($4.99)             -  Meh
{ Golden 888 review }I know what you're thinking, however... I simply do not have ~ 999 ~ pure Gold to write about.Hopefully I'll have some Gold by my ** 999th ** review.At same time hoping you won't find me in Jail writing it.888 - Fortune & Prosperity in Chinese Numerology.As we chinese always say... Time to try my luck at Lotto!-----------------------------Busy crowd at weekend dimsum-ing. Overall good Vibrat-i-o-ns.Imagine... if this place was carting. It would be dimsum madness.Glad they make-to-order so I don't feel breezy behind my back.It would literally be diner-dash instead of server-dash.Nothing outstanding memorable. I'm trying to remember now... Nope.Maybe that's a beneficial acknowledgement of sorts. For better or for worse. I cannot not see myself back there again.888
A:  Let's go to My Wonderful Kitchen.B:  But you don't have any food in your fridge.A:  Exactly!  Let's go.Vibrant playful décor, half full dining room, 1 to 4 staff-tables ratio.No CP24, no Fairchild, no TVpad, not my style of HK café/kitchen.Not much that'll give me the go-ahead to map the place for you.On my return, I shall choose the following:N01. Baked Rice with Pork Chop served in Bread Loaf(Tomato Sauce)- Meaty, carby, saucy, greasy, umami, filling, wonderful.- Perfect for a growing boy(singular, max 2 ppl not really).- Makes you wonder why others only fill soup in bread bowls.Complimentary dessert- It's free- It's tiny- But free
All these years, I've only eaten here late at night when the parking lot is half empty and this restaurant has a table or two within it.  Attended by one mid-aged Korean woman, surrounded by cute little pig toys (http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/ho-shin-tang-richmond-hill?select=F2EXuKln0EB7-CfgfUmPGw) and K-pop or Variety shows on television.  I would order... A1. Busan Pork and Rice Soup 釜山式猪肉汤饭  http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/ho-shin-tang-richmond-hill?select=AUi8DoIajgNfuUfEmHRPNAMix a bit of the accompanying sauces (http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/ho-shin-tang-richmond-hill?select=2ZbXAX1kmzilDR1Vn7CuzA) in the soup to taste. Apparently there's a eating process, but I'm Chinese and hungry at night so my method is to bring spoonful of rice into the soup instead of mixing the whole bowl in which keeps a bit more rice texture than turning it into porridge.I haven't offended anyone yet with that eating style, but then even when I eat there's probably another 2-3 tables of Korean customers that come in this late and just shy of restaurant closing.  In fact I don't remember seeing any Chinese customers during my visits, which is rare in Richmond Hill and in this plazaPay by credit card, go up to the counter and you'll see the beer/soju fridge and from time to time you may see a bottle or two of local craft beer which I found interesting.  My theory is that it's for the chef, either that or no one orders it and it's been in there for a long time so do not order.
In the world of Greater Toronto Hot Pot, Hipot has a place on my list of Hot Pot Restaurants. It had a place at the prior location at Commerce Gate and now it continues to an extend for different reasons. I'm not saying it's the place to be but I was here almost alone near 1 am on an Elite night if not for my Friend WWmama. My friend was joking that she can camp out at the car for the night since there's Yoga in the morning at the neighbouring Yoga Tree which is so conveniently located here. The closest comparison to this NEW location new redecoration Hipot is the known 'Made in China'. That would be my bases for most of this review. SWEET: -Hipot has LCD showing Cantonese shows which is a standard tradition when having Hot Pot at home while enjoying Hot Pot. -Quality of ingredients, especially the Fatty Beef Slices for both rounds came and had great marbling and defrosted enough compared to others. -Beef/Fish/Squid/Pork Balls are all hand-made while the Wonton had full size Shrimps within with a good bite. -The seating is more roomy and spacious which gives more room for Patrons and Staff plenty of space to manoeuvre without troubles or accidents. -Dessert included a reasonable sized Herbal Jelly that had as much flavour as some Chinese Dessert Specialty Shops. SOUR: -It's a bit more PRICEY than 'Made in China' since additional Beverages are extra cost while it's competitor has unlimited refill. -Doesn't have variety of Sauces to choose from since it's only BBQ sauce, Soya Sauce, Garlic, Green Onion and Green Chili. -Doesn't have the Sofa-like Booth seating that 'Made in China' has but even over there it's hard to come by at times. -Staff have slightly less enthusiasm and are more mature. Service was still acceptable but less above and beyond than other places. SUMMARY: I wouldn't mind going back this Winter. Will definitely test if their 3rd round Beef is just as good quality as the 2nd round. I will report back once I find out!
It's fascinating how much an individual's perspective can change.When seeing the World through another person's Optical Lenses.Normality that you take for granted is another person's amuse.I have some New York Friends to Thank for that.I can see clearly now.   :DI grew up next door to a Wonton Noodle business in Hong Kong.For some reason, I never actually felt excited compared to other Noodles.Truth is unlike my Parents, I tend to eat more Instant Ramen than WN.It's especially true in Canada as Wonton Noodle shops are not walking distance away.It doesn't help that they all close CRAZY early.The Food comes HK-style speedy, faster than your perception of Fast-Food.I'm old-school Wonton person with memories of smaller Porkier originals.JCK does golf-ball pure Shrimp Wonton that bites back at you.The Wonton Noodle has good texture within the Clear Soup.If I had more Disposable Income and my Uncles were 30 years younger.I would definitely take them here and challenge them to their own game.At least so they can stop talking about eating bowls-and-bowls...While my generation can fill up on AIR.
I like the Tart flavour actually not so much the seasonal Apple Pie nor some others .The Roasted Almonds reminds me of the Chinese Almond Soup Dessert flavour.Cappuccino flavour did well too so I have to say I like half the selection they offer.The sketch colorful abstract designs they base on can really mess with my head.Reminds me of Hippie graphics from That '70s Show, whoaa man.Especially if I focus too hard and too long on it.  I guess I like simple, Menchies simple.It was convenient though, after some Chinese food it's a good place to chill.
O Mei God!   Gargantuan Lobsters.  Absolute Beast Feast. May require Maint. Fees to live within Shells.Shock & Awe by means of Sea Creatures.Complete Dining Experience. WoW.Lobster [-2- Eight lb*] F I V E Ways -1. Steamed {o} [scallions, glass vermicelli, garlic]2. Stir-Fried [maggie sauce] 3. Deep Fried Lobster Legs4. Fried Rice w/Brain[crispy tomalley]5. Steamed Egg w/Brain[soft tomalley] Dessert F I V E Ways - 1. Purple Rice Red Bean Soup2. Taro, Green Bean Sago3. Mango Mochi4. Deep Fried Egg White5. Black Sesame BallsStick with "Chinese Seafood" at this Chinese Seafood Restaurant. 3.5'dPour more Tea. Drink more Tea. Then pour more Tea. Drink more...Save even MORE monies for a future Alaskan King Crab update.-----------------* $19 per/pound{o} Fan Favourite
The Host.     Lunch Buffet perfect setup for Business Lunches and Foreign Visitors.     Allows them to avoid the expectations of Fine Dining services.     Also lets customer come and go without the wait of scratch cooking.     Dinner is more Full-services Fine Dining which tends to be less busy.     The Managers are more outgoing than the Water-pouring at Lunch.     Flavours are pleasant but not too intense which fits the community.     Lunch Buffet  -  2.0     Dinner Time  -  3.0     Mean avg      -  2.5'd
Yay! I got to wait with everyone else in the Club scene that was the Lobby waiting space near the seats and bar.  I didn't know any of the others waiting but it felt like I was at a Yelp Elite event and wanted to walk through and start mingling especially those Ladies at the bar.Teh Tarik($4.00) was the first item I ordered while I was sitting down and started to look at the Menu.  FROTHY smooth creamy lightly sweetened Milk Tea.  Four dollars is about 3x more costly than HK style Milk Tea but this was my treat and without being price conscious, it's awesome!  Every Starbucks or Tim Hortons should have this.  (+0.5 *Star*)Roti(2) & Curry Sauce($6.00) had decent Curry Sauce flavours but the spiciness was quick tame.  We found the Roti had a sweetness to it?!?  It came out unexpectedly rapid as well so maybe the Roti was prepped ahead.Nasi Lemak Melaka($12.00) looked interesting but the Rendang Beef and Sambal Ikan Bilis lacked flavour specifically Spice once again.  The flavour from the whole composition came from the Peanuts and Vegetable Achar.Singapore Laksa Meehoon($10.00) had Fish Cake Slice, Tofu, Shredded Chicken but once again it lacked Spice from their description of Spicy Laksa Broth(Shrimp Paste).  By now we figure we should call all Curries here Mellow Yellow.Malay Kari Beef($11.00) had an intermediate spiciness only because it's inbetween the Laksa(Least) and the Curry Sauce(Most) above.  Beef was tender but when they say Potatoes, what they really meant was singular Potato.Black Rice Pudding($5.00) was so anti-climatic coming out in a simple bowl without any exotic presentation.  Chinese Dessert places would do the same style and it tasted good to end the meal however I just wish they presented it more suitable to the class of this place.Service was quite nice and the space/atmosphere is nothing you would expect from just driving pass this place as it is quite Westernized thought-out designed which suits the multiple Ethnics and Canadians that enjoy this place.As a Food first, Decor second person, I now understand why Gourmet Garden has such a reputable place for Malaysian Cuisine.  I'll still come here if Friends ask.  Teh Tarik(Pulled Tea) will bring me back.
Sometimes I think that I can be blinded by Nostalgia and Memories that never seem to go away.  I'm probably not the only one as most HK people always claim that the Milk Tea in HK is much better quality.  I'm probably one of them as I always think that the Thick-walled Tea Cups in HK only exist there and the ones here are either less thick or doesn't have the same characteristic.  I was quite satisfied by both the quality of the Milk Tea here and the Made-in-China overused Thick-walled Tea Cups here at Richmond Court. I've always enjoyed their Milk Tea or even Coffee/Tea combination and I still continue to do so(+0.5 Star).I was less than happy when my Condensed Milk/Peanut Butter on Baguette Bun finally arrived when everyone finished their choice of Drink and the XO Sauce Radish Cake.  Overall its an essential HK style Cafe that comes with that authentic style of speed, service(...), and selection although I would be hesitant to order any Japanese Sushi there.Side Note: I noticed that most of the women working there had some pretty hip-happening hairstyles.  Maybe they get sponsors from a neighbour hairstylish.  Check-it-out!
I've been here twice in the last year and both times used a groupon for their afternoon tea at the Richmond Hill location.You definitely have to make reservations well in advance because they usually sell quite a few of the groupon deals and the place holds no more than 20 people or so at a time.The afternoon tea snacks were good, but I'm not sure how fresh they are. It would have been nice if they made mini sandwiches as well.The price was very reasonable for what we got. I don't think I'd want to pay full price for it though. The experience isn't the same as fancy afternoon or high tea places. The place is very white and it felt like just sitting at any cafe.
Came here for dinner recently with my partner after receiving a gift card for writing an honest review.  I still would rate this place a 4/5 for hosting events; however, dinner here would be a 2/5 (which is why I give this place a 3/5). I ordered a steak with vegetables--vegetables were good, but the steak was chewy and it was supposed to be a New York steak....unfortunately, it was very bland too.  My partner ordered the pizza which was decent but nothing special.  The crust was thin which was great, but there wasn't a lot of ingredients except a whole lot of cheese.  Overall, although I'd probably consider hosting an event here again for a large group; however, I probably wouldn't return for a normal dinner.
3.5 stars! Good Italian family restaurant in northern Richmond Hill.  I've ordered the calamari, steak and scallop dish. Calamari was great, the scallop dish was excellent, but I was a little disappointed when I went for the second time and had the steak dish. It was a bit small and nothing really special.  My friends also ordered a different steak dish and it was already pre-sliced, which they didn't enjoy so much. All in all it was a decent restaurant in the neighbourhood, but there are so many good Italian restaurants out there, I'd probably want to try elsewhere before going back. I'd come back here if i'm in the area, but probably wouldn't go out of my way for it. Service was great though and the atmosphere was cozy and very family-oriented, meaning that there tends to be a lot of families with young kids.
Good place for northern Chinese food, including beef pancake roll, dumplings, and beef noodle soup. It's not the best I've had, but I'd definitely come back here when I'm in the area. The food was flavourful, and very affordable. The place is quite cramped though at times because it's small, but when we went at lunch time on a weekend, we didn't have to wait. I think people tend to eat quickly and then leave. It's not really a place to sit and chat for a long time. The only dish I didn't really enjoy and thought it was not worth it was the sliced pork belly with onion pancake. The pork belly pieces were so tiny.
This Japanese restaurant is a bit higher in quality than some of the other Japanese non-AYCE restaurants out there. They make large rolls, and their spicy salmon rolls are excellent! Their rolls are not covered with too much rice. The prices are a bit more than the average sushi restaurant and they do not offer AYCE. However, they have many set meals/dinners that will definitely fill you up! It's not a large restaurant, so be sure to make reservations on a weekend as it can become quite busy.
4.5 stars!I have been to this restaurant multiple times in the past several years, and they are, for the most part, quite consistent with their service and food quality.  I had stopped coming here for about a year at least because it was not convenient for me to travel there, but then just went back this weekend because I was craving it, and the food was the same!I have tried several Malaysian restaurants in the GTA and this would be my favourite. I've tried the Malay fried chicken, pad Thai, Nasi Ayam Melayu, Indonesian fried rice, and their beef curry with roti. I've tried other dishes too, but the above are some of my favourites! All of the dishes are very flavourful. Their milk shakes/smoothies are rich and creamy too. It's a good complement to the spicier dishes.The prices are reasonable and the amount of food is plentiful. The service was quite good the last few times I went. They were attentive and very quick with bringing out the dishes. My partner and I were in and out of the restaurant within 30 minutes I think (yeah, we ate fast lol). Although, the line-up for this place is quite long. We had to wait about 20 minutes, but it was well worth the wait. Unfortunately, they do not take reservations, so make sure you go early to put your name down!I can't wait to come back here again!
So I don't usually eat Chinese desserts..frankly, because I don't find it sweet enough and most of the time, the desserts are made from beans.  So when my friend suggested to try this place, I was quite hesitant.To my surprise, the desserts were very tasty and for those who want something more Western, like a crepe, they have those too! I think this place is good for the young and old. Their dessert menu is extensive and they even have herbal teas and drinks for those who aren't interested in getting sweets.We ordered the fruit bowl with tapioca and grass jelly, as well as the crepe with cream inside.I definitely would come back here..probably with my parents who enjoy and appreciate their more signature desserts like black sesame soup, "turtle" soup, etc.
I've always liked Tsuki even when it was located at Yonge/Finch area. The owner is apparently still the same and the food seems very similar to before. However, I don't remember the sushi pieces being so tiny. They were literally the size of my thumb. I found that the their prices were a bit high for what you get, particularly for the sushi-related items.The grilled butter squid, ebi mayo, and sashimi salad were also very tasty as usual. We shared 4-5 dishes among two of us, which was enough, but we saved room for bubble tea afterwards!It's a great addition to the East Beaver Creek restaurant area. The atmosphere is a lot brighter than the previous location and the service was excellent.
A OK for what it is. A small Chinese BBQ take-out restaurant. BBQed ducks hanging with their heads intact. Cleaver cutting through bones. I decided to stick to the familiar and order chicken legs.Fresh Chinese BBQ. Quick service despite the lineup. Reasonable prices. Check it out if you are in the area and craving Chinese BBQ. Or if you never had it before and want to try something new.
*Insert unoriginal get back to the kitchen joke*Great place for groups. Wonderful decor. I ordered the Crispy chicken (picture below) Not what I expected. I thought it's breaded, fried boneless chicken. It was pretty tasty so I'm not complaining. My friend ordered spicy beef and said that he loved it.They had a huge bowl of pork bone soup for $3.99. Sounds like a sweet deal but trust me its not worth it as it tastes like meh. Order a decent soup from their soup menu or don't order soup at all
Wednesdays are Salsa nightsFridays are Ladies nightsIf you live near this area and don't feel like going all the way downtown then you should check this place out. Spacey dancefloor. Great DJ and even live band. Mature crowd. There are plenty of booths if you prefer to sit down and have a bite.
Cozy Starbucks in my neighbourhood. Not the best out there but its very convenient. Not bad for getting some work done. 3 tables outside. Not exactly a "patio". Plenty of parking space. Not many plugs around. Service is OK. Did I forget something? Oh ya free WiFi. Check it out If you live in Richmond Hill.
This is a restaurant that you go to for the authentic Thai experience rather than simply to fill up your stomach till it hurts.Surprisingly their prices are reasonable and many of their lunch combos are under $10. Portions are small through. The soup bowl is so tiny I thought it was dipping sauce for the spring roll. I assume it's their culture.Wonderful service. Clean, spacey restaurant with extra fancy decor. You should totally take a girl out here and show her how cultured you are.
OK seriously what happened to this place? It's so filthy now. Flies everywhere. Dirty tables. Terrible smell. I'm too hesitant to order any food item here.
This is my first visit here. I received a coupon by mail for a free Flamm of choice. I decided to come in and check them out.As soon as we entered the establishment we received a warm welcome by two lovely ladies. Then we headed to our spacey booth. We ordered a Manhattan Flamm from a menu that resembled a newspaper and washed it down with a pitcher of their freshly brewed amber beer (so fresh the brewery containers are right next to you!) then ended the night with chocolate hazelnut dip sweets. (pictures below)Flamm was fresh and delicious. Crispy thin crust right out of the oven. Amber beer was fresh, smooth, and not bitter. Chocolate Hazelnut is a must! Prices are very reasonable. Staff are wonderful and clearly love doing their job.I strongly recommend this establishment to all beer lovers, Flamm lovers, sweets lovers, and business owners who are still wondering why their establishment has a rating of 3 stars or below on Yelp!
Way too fancy for a bubble tea restaurant. Prices are reasonable. My peach iced tea was served in a nice glass and tasted alright. Squid was pretty tasty.They did add gratuity to our bill but our waitress did not inform us about that. I ended up paying a tip on top of gratuity. This has happened to me before. Not cool.Overall not a bad place to hang out and have a late night chat without alcohol being involved.
I used to come here for half price wings on Tuesdays before I knew about half price wings at Dakgogi. Don't get me wrong, St. Louis wings are great. I just prefer my chicken to be fried... and Korean.I recently came here on a Wednesday for a $5 Angus burger special which was served with a side of their signature delicious thick cut fries (picture below). Burger was fresh and juicy. It reminded me of burger binge week. Wednesdays are not as crowded as Tuesdays.
Found this restaurant on happy cow so I decided to check out their vegan Chinese food. The menu has a great selection of vegetarian mock meats. I told the waitress that I was vegan and she recommended me the meatballs and the beef noodles. Ask for no eggs.Overall their food is legit and delicious. Big portions so don't get carried away! Nice, spacey decor. Friendly service. Cash only. Overall great restaurant and surely worth a try.
This place is famous for its variety in chicken wings flavors. Everything from sweet to so spicy you need to sign a waiver before ordering!! They have your usual basic flavors and others with cryptic names. Your order of wings comes with celery and carrots (you know, because veggies are good for your health!!).
This is not the best panera bread I have been to. But its the only one in the area and the closest one is 20 minutes away. Its usually packed and the seats are limited. Otherwise the place is clean and tidy. Their coffee and tea are served in a mug with free refills. The food is pretty good here. If you are here for lunch make sure you try their soup in a bread bowl. They have free refills on iced tea and cold drinks too. Staff here are very friendly and cooperative. WiFi is terrible here as it keeps disconnecting and on busy hours they have 30 minutes limit.
Best Kabob in town hands down! It's not even a competition. (PS. Bamiyan is a town in Afghanistan. No, they don't serve okra here)This is a self service restaurant. You look at the menu and it's nothing but Kabob. I ordered the Kefta Kabob and it came with a side of salad and nan (picture below). Kabob was fresh and delicious. Haven't had such quality Kabob in a long while. Nan was hot and fresh. I tried my friend's tandoori chicken and I strongly recommend that too. Service was quick and friendly. Restaurant is very spacey. Spotless clean. Fancy decor.A must try for anyone in the area. I will surely come back for more.
We went there on a Wednesday for half price wings. The place itself is spacey, lots of TVs, and great for chilling out overall. The staff are friendly. The wings didn't taste good and I have had way better. Could be because it was last call and the kitchen was closing. But hey, they were half priced. So I'm not complaining. I wouldn't pay full price for them though. Free parking, free WiFi, clean washrooms. My advice is that you should come here for the ambience and not so much for the food.
First time here. I was looking for a Vietnamese restaurant on Yelp and I found this one nearby.I asked the waitress if they have any vegan options here and she said she can serve me a spicy veggie soup with rice noodles. Its always appreciated when a restaurant accommodate to different lifestyles. The soup was delicious. Fresh ingredient and great spices. The closest a vegan can get to pho. Service is super friendly. Prices are affordable.Overall this is a nice family owned Vietnamese restaurant. Worth checking out.
More like 2.37±0.05 stars...Typed in "shawarma" on Yelp. I was intrigued by a white-washed shawarma place called "Joe's Hamburgers" so I had to check it out. I ordered the chicken shawarma. While chicken quality was alright, pita bread and toppings were meh, surely overpriced. I have had bigger & tastier shawarmas for much less. Service was alright. Some employees seem to have serious attitude issues.I came with very low expectations yet somehow I was disappointed.
Don't be fooled by the storefront! it's a different world inside!I have been passing by this place without giving it a chance due to the way the storefront looks like (not very appealing). My friend told me that this is his favorite place and that he always eats there so I trusted him and went to check it out.I ordered their Sashimi supreme lunch special. Sashimi here was fresh and tasty. Best I ever had so far. Comes with miso soup, rice and green tea with refills. Wonderful restaurant, great deals for lunch, great service. Doesn't get better than this. Free WiFi!Moral of the story: don't judge a restaurant by its storefront.
My friend who likes Japanese food but is not a fan of AYCE recommended this place. I got the chicken teriyaki special box (picture below). Great taste. Fresh. Wonderful service. Nice decor. Price is reasonable. Worth checking out.
A friend suggested this place. A late night BBQ might not sound like a good idea but we went anyways.This is a really great place to have a BBQ. The flames were strong the whole time.Beef slices were thin so they cooked the quickest. Chicken was properly marinated and tasted great. Fish was the freshest and was not marinated.Sides are included, so feel free to order them while waiting for the meat on the grill. I recommend Kimchi and miso soup.Clean restaurant, fancy decor, and wonderful service.
Over-hyped rotisserie chicken. We are all familiar with the ads, jingles, and the rotisserie channel. I fail to see what's so Swiss about it.I came here because I got coupons by mail. Chicken is bland and not well cooked, I had better rotisserie chicken at multiple grocery stores. Gravy is slightly less meh than KFC's. I ordered the salad with my meal but I wish I got fries instead as the salad was not fresh and very disappointing. Service was quick but I would much rather wait a little longer for a well cooked chicken and a freshly prepared salad.Feel free to check it out if you have coupons. Personally I would much rather grab a rotisserie chicken from Loblaws along with a bag of salad mix.
It has been a while since I have been to an Indian restaurant. This one is on the upscale side. Everything from cutleries to furniture to service is fancy. Family friendly. Food is a bit pricey for the portions.I asked the waiter what is vegan friendly and he listed few options. Not bad but I was expecting more vegan friendly dishes from an Indian restaurant. I ordered Gobi aloo (picture below) and it was a OK.Overall it was a nice dining experience. If you are a fan of Indian food then I suggest that you check it out.
Every time I look for "nearby restaurants" on Yelp I get Abruzzo at the top. It's an iconic pizza place in Richmond Hill.I usually come here for a pepperoni slice to go. $4. Slices are huge (picture below). Love the crust. Toppings are tasty. Great friendly service.Abruzzo delivers. Both literally and figuratively. Check it out if you are in Richmond Hill.
First time here. I wasn't sure if I should go in as it looked expensive. I changed my mind when I looked at their menu outside.$10.99 pitcher after 10pm. Nuff said! I ordered sashimi and it was fresh & delicious. Wonderful service and great prices. Posh decor, personally I'm not a fan of their cubicle like design and I prefer a more open place.Great for date nights and meeting up with friends.
Best Chinese restaurant in the area hands down! And if you know a better one then please enlighten me :-)I came with few friends to this diner, We ordered one huge bowl of soup to share and each of us ordered rice and different plates that we shared with each others.Food tastes like authentic Chinese food and not the bastardized version of it. Portions are generous especially for soups. Greens are oiled up looking all sexy. Complimentary tea as usual with all Chinese restaurants.Decor so elegant you think you are dining with the riches. But prices are reasonable and lots of dishes on the menu are less than $10. I absolutely recommend this restaurant for anyone in the area
Head upstairs! This has to be the coziest coffeeshop I have ever been to :-)This is my first time here. I usually spend my Sundays at Korean coffeeshops but this Sunday I decided to try something different. Something with 4+ stars on Yelp and approved by Elites :-)I will start off with the decor. Its very cozy and welcoming. You will feel like you are at a friend's or a relative's house. Perfect for chatting over coffee and sweets. Washrooms (downstairs) are clean and well maintained. Free WiFi.Now to the sweets. Creme caramel is really tasty and I absolutely recommend it. Cheesecake is thick so make sure you have room for it before ordering it :-) prices are comparable to indie coffeeshops.Free parking area in the back (follow the arrow!) I am surely coming back for more.
Nice buns!Came here for dim sum dinner. Their dim sums and buns are delicious and authentic. The portions might look small, but they are quite filling so don't get carried away with your order. Place is spacious, modern, and clean. Service is excellent."Members" get 10℅ discount on their final bill.
First time here. Personally I prefer ramen and vermicelli. But I was passing by and I was craving a bowl of hot soup so I decided to give them a try.I ordered the "tree hugger" (minus the egg). It's noodles with green veggies and shiitake mushrooms. Noodles are prepared fresh from scratch. Veggies were fresh and tasty. Next time I'm trying their fried menu.Place is clean and spacious. Good for group. They open late which is convenient. Free Wi-Fi courtesy of McDonald's.PS. Real tree huggers don't eat eggs.
A-lot of hype but not much substance here. Apparently, their award winning blend of HK style tea is too good for the average joe as it wasn't available (even if you're willing to pay; I inquired). What you do get is an average (by a stretch) milk tea with a decent smooth finish; "food court combo worthy" I would say. Their food is not worthy of a mention as it's mediocre at best. The service is non-existent (as would you expect from such a joint). This is like the Tim Hortons of the milk tea nation and I am no fan. A star for pity.
I was skeptical at first I must admit. I drove by many times, curiously snooping them out and each time I would make an excuse to leave - "It's too empty" I would say, "they are obviously closed today, it's Wednesday afternoon", "I have to use my MCD coupons". Well, I took the plunge and never looked back since. The experience was nerve racking but it was all worth it.These guys serve simple yet quality stuff. Their burgers need no fancy condiments and 800 sauce options to mask the sub-par beef used by other burger joints. Their burgers are simple yet delicious; beefy, juicy and lightly seasoned to perfection.
While I can't comment on the authenticity of their food (which I think it should be?) I can however tell you that it's...okay. I and maybe a few out there share this stigma that Taiwanese food is delicious. Going in to this place I was a bit overwhelmed with excitement.As it turns out, it wasn't quite what I had expected. Throw out the expectations of delicious deep fried chicken, aromatic 3-cup chicken or the savoury goodness of braised pork with rice and replace it with lifeless and limp veggies, bland meats and uninspiring noodles and you've got Mama Bear.Quite frankly, I am not sure why they even deserve 2 stars but I figure I am feeling generous today cuz it's Friday.Do I regret this? no. Will I visit again? no. Should you go? no. 3 NOs so I guess that's pretty much a NO.
This is as about Hong Kong as it gets here except for the unusually polite staff (which you definitely will NOT find in HK).This is my go-to place for simple but delicious soup noodles. There's no abundance of options here, no fancy stuff but just plain deliciousness with your favourite dumplings (only 2 options; sorry nothing for vegetarians), meat (beef only), fish (sorta but not really.. more like fish paste) and veggies (Yu choy only LMAO).The soup is so hot it burns you, so salty that it's addictive, so simple that you can dine and dash in less than 10 minutes (with a few burns). The chili oil is stupid spicy but so darn addictive. All in all, you will be out the door in under 15 minutes with a few dollars to spare and a full stomach. Soup noodles don't get much better than this anywhere in the city.
Fancy and refined does not always equate to great food and this is most apparent at Papa George. With their exclusive hours, few tables and their insistence that you make reservations I can see why they make come across as pretentious. Even their chef is all dressed up with a true chef's hat and all.But there's not a whole lot of substance to hold up all that pretentious vibe. The food is OK at best. There is something lacking about this place that I just can't quite sum it up. Their food reminds me of Dickens -- the once hip HK style restaurant that was once the very definition of refined HK style cafe in Scarborough. They are now reduced to  a shadow of their former self--seeking refuge in very defunct Richlane mall (Fu sic guy).Anyhow, I wouldn't necessarily say they are bad per se. You will leave with a full stomach for sure but also an emptiness in your appetite.
This place screams Hong Kong. Every time I visit, it reminds of my last visit. Everything here is straight to the point, no frills, no 5 star service(not even a 3 star for service but it's expected), no golden utensils and fancy china, no fancy decor....well..except for that beautiful fish tank. LOL. The point is they don't need any of that to be authentic. They are as authentic and genuine as it comes. Just absolutely great food at an affordable price.They are quite adventurous with their food despite their no frills approach. You will find very interesting combinations...ONLY if you can read Chinese (that doesn't include me :( . They have almost a limitless combination of stuff they can cook with off-menu items plastered all their walls and windows.If you want absolutely tasty and geniune HK style food and some of the experience then this place is a must visit. You should bring someone that can read Chinese for the full experience.
Maybe I have been spoiled in the past or maybe my expectations were just too high but I really don't see why this place exists; it serves no purpose. Having spent 3 years of my life in Mississauga and blessed to have some of the best Indian eats in and around the area I can confidently say this place was a waste of my time.Ridiculous prices, painfully slow service and food that is mediocre at best. My butter chicken and naan was around $20 when it's all said and done. While the sauce was alright the chicken tasted like it came out of the dryer. The other curry chicken dishes were similar as well. The lamb was not worthy to be mentioned. The naan was probably the best part of the meal and it tasted okay.Why is this place still in existence? And why is there a grand opening sign almost 2 years now after my first visit?? - I am perplexed!
My first experience with Magic Noodle (down in Scarborough) was not a memorable one and this location has not done much to change that. At first glance you may be lead to believe that this place is off-the-charts delicious but don't like the large crowd fool you!I have to give kudos to their noodles. There' something about hand-pulled noodles; tender and soft all the while still remaining al-dente. The various soup stocks they offer are bland at best and the meats are negligible. Most of their snacks and small eats are again negligible.There are highs however, most notably the skewers are tender, juicy and pack a good flavour punch! Also the stir fried noodles are to-die-for. Absolutely greasy and delicious.
Take note that this review is strictly on their beers and does not reflect their food.It was a little strange to walk into a space that somewhat resembles a brew house, pub that collided with Boston Pizza. I can't quite make out which direction I am really being pulled. While the seating is comfy and there are many TVs, the space is brighter than a cosmetic store; not exactly somewhere cozy and lounge like where you can chit-chat for hours. It doesn't have the party atmosphere of a bustling bar but yet isn't quite like an everyday lounge like Moxies.Anyhow, on with the beer. I was drawn in by their many awards and accolades for their home brew beers. I was expecting a plethora of interesting, worldy and maybe even ground breaking beers but what I was rewarded with was your typical stuff. Wheat, amber, dark red ale and of course a lager; not exactly exciting stuff. I went with their amber cuz I was feeling it that night. It was surprisingly light; light in flavours, light in body and light in mouthfeel. There were watered-down hints of an amber in there somewhere but yeah that's about it. I reckoned maybe I made a bad choice so for the refill I went with their super duper award collector wheat beer. After several sips I came to the conclusion that it was as if you took Coors Light and put the tiniest sliver of lemon peel in it - just enough for a whiff of that citirus-y flavour but not quite substantial enough to hold it's flavours beyond that one single whiff. Sorry folks, Coors Light is not beer, it's just fizzy water - might as well order a club soda.There you have it! Confusing environment, novice beers but amazing TVs to catch the game. Might as well grab a case of Coors Light and stay home for the night.
This restaurant deserves 0 stars. The hostess will only attend to regulars. 7 groups of regulars just bypassed the line as non-regulars are stuck piling up. As us non-regulars are waiting, you can see empty tables left and right. The restaurant itself is honestly not even that busy for a weekend. For those wanting to try regardless, I advise you to come early or don't come at all. In the end, some credit goes to the kitchen staff for the quality of food (mind you, it's not amazing; ok quality).
Was here for dinner. It was easy to find parking as they have a private lot available. Restaurant seems quiet when I walked in but to my surprise, it gotten pretty busy for a week night. Ambience is modern and chic.  Ordered the standard sushi from the menu. It came with 8 pieces of sushi and 6 pieces maki roll. Everything was fresh but I thought there were too much rice for their sushi (personal preference). I loved the maki roll; not exactly sure what was in it but it tasted like toro. It was excellent in flavour and texture all together. Meal came with a complimentary dessert which was some kinda pudding topped with red bean. Service was good. Staffs were all really attentive and polite. Came a few times around to ask if we needed anything. Overall, it was a decent experience; I will still come back from time to time. It can get expensive depending on what you order. For what it is (quantity and quality), I don't think their pricing make sense as there are many other places that has the same quality of food at a lower cost.
Came here for lunch and surprisingly it was fully packed by noon. We ordered pho noodles, vermicelli, spring rolls, and banh cuon. Thought the taste was pretty average and nothing special. Do like the fact that the spring rolls were crispy but overall, there wasn't much flavour to it. All in all, quality of food was just mediocre.
Attempted twice to come here for dinner. Came too late the first time so they were closed; they closed pretty early at 8pm. The wait wasn't long but was completely packed. There were still lots of people waiting for seats close to closing time. Noticed the staffs were really welcoming. Food was really good and fresh. The soup base was just perfect in flavour and the fried spring rolls were crispy (I find that not all pho places make good spring rolls when this is supposedly a signature dish). Overall, we enjoyed our experience. The presentation of everything was clean and comfortable.
Every time there's a craving for curry, Fav cafe is one of my go-to as they make excellent curry chicken and curry brisket. I usually order the chicken though because it's a healthier meat choice between the two. The curry sauce is made to perfection every time. It's not super spicy that it isn't enjoyable but spicy enough to get my sniffles going. I like how they give a generous amount of sauce so that I can sauce up my rice if I wanted to. The curry chicken meal comes with a choice of drink and I ordered the iced lemon tea. Complimentary soup is given only during dinner. Staffs were friendly and attentive. Fav is a modern Hong Kong cafe. So if you're in the area looking for this style of food, give it a try!
Came here and wasn't expecting much because of the plaza that it was located in. However, it was a place that we never tried before and decided to give it a chance. It caught us by surprise of how great their service was.Staff was super welcoming and friendly. They were attentive to our needs.Food was authentic and they also gave us a sushi roll on the house. Overall, it was a great experience and we will come back.
The place was super busy on a Friday afternoon. However, it was on Easter Friday so many people got the day off. Had to take wait about 10 minutes to get a table.  The prices are rock bottom here. For example, beef with udon noodles + 2 eggs with buttered bread + milk tea was $5.49 I believe. The milk tea was chilled ice cold and very silky. Also had the scrambled egg sandwich. It was good but when compared to other HK style cafe I think New City has the best as I find the egg is thicker and fluffier. Everything tasted very good here. Service was pretty good considering how busy they were. You are not gonna get mind blowing amazing food here but if you want cheap HK style comfort food then this is a great place to visit.3.5 stars
Opens late from 7pm to 12am.Only take out available. No more dine ins.The place is run by 2 adults and 3 little kids. One of the children was writing down the orders. I guess she is going to be running the place in the future. Ordered a variety of different flavours like walnut/black sesame and mango sago. They varied in price from $5 to $6.50 from the ones we ordered. All the flavours tasted great. Portions are small and even the black sesame balls were really small. I would love to give higher rating as everything tasted great but because of small portions and price I can only justify a 3 star rating.
I like how this place was designed. If you get a window seat it feels like you are eating outside. There is no actual glass so you can hop over if you wanted to. #03 chicken/beef skewers @ $10.50 total 6 skewers - by far some of the largest portion skewers I've had but lacked in flavor and tenderness when compared to other restaurants like Thai Basil. Peanut sauce also lacked in flavor.#16 chicken roti (I think it was $12.95) - once again pretty big portions but the sauce is missing the sweet coconut flavor that I like and the chicken meat was almost melting of the bone like it was sitting for a while. Also if adding extra roti its around $6 and they give you extra sauce in a bowl. A bit pricy for extra roti and the extra sauce was not even needed.#41 fried noodles with shrimp and chicken meat( I think it was $9.95)  - a fairly simple dish that was done well.#76 beef brisket in curry sauce with rice (I think was $12.95) - same curry sauce that came with the chicken roti. The beef was tender but not fall off the bone quality and once again the curry sauce is lacking in flavor.
Small and cozy Japanese restaurant.Got the Ichiban special B which came with 24 pieces of sashimi, 14 pieces of sushi and 14 pieces of sushi roll all for $60.95. It was presented in a wooden boat which is like the new standard now a days. The sashimi was fresh and cuts were a good size. I liked the variety of sashimi offered (shrimps, shrimp heads, uni, scallops, tuna, salmon and one other fish which I am not familiar with). There was even some special cuts of salmon which are more fatty and can be easily identified with its white fatty markings. I especially enjoyed the scallop, uni and shrimp sashimi. They were all really fresh and tasted so good.With a total of 52 pieces we didn't think it would fill the four of us so we ended up getting some fried dumplings (gyoza) too for $7.95 which came with 9 pieces. Tasted okay but it was really only ordered to fill our hunger as the sushi boat is a bit small for 4 people. Its really recommended for 2-3 people in my opinion since I eat the amount for 2 people with my appetite.Meal came with salad, miso soup for appetizer and green tea ice cream for dessert.Service was fast. Prices are pretty high but the quality of the sashimi made up for it. You get what you pay for.
Simple and fresh is the best way to describe their burgers.Fresh burger 4oz $5.29Prime burger 6 oz $7.10Poutine $5.99There was a hint of sweetness in the burger sauce which I liked. The bread was soft and had a nice toasted crunch to it. The beef was so juicy that the juice rolled down my arm as I ate it. Simple ingredients with lettuce, cheese and tomato. The burger was simply awesome. The poutine was a good size and had good balance of gravy and cheese.The only reason I give a 4 star and not 5 is because I can only think of one other place that tops this one - Main Street Burger Shoppe
Fantasia Pizza $14.95 - A 14 inch, 6 slice thin crust pizza with an excellent crunch on the crust. Found it to be a very messy pizza to eat since the meat would not come apart when biting into it. The meat was really salty but everything tasted good when it came together. Calamari fritti $11.95 - when I saw how huge the calamari was I thought it was an old rubbery squid but it was soft and tender and tasted great with the dipping sauce.Service was fast, friendly and very attentative. I love the look of the place and the decore. I liked how even the two seater tables were very large and had lots of space for the food.
On a Sunday afternoon the place is absolutely packed to the rim. The lineup looked like it would take at least 30 minutes to clear up but we were seated in about 10 minutes. Even though they were so busy I consider the service to be acceptable. All the workers were running around and working so hard. I could see the exhaustion in their faces. I would disregard the review from Andrew F. - Opening and closing times are posted for a reason so if you are still eating when the place is going to close within 5 minutes then its really your own fault. Even though Campbell's does make some good canned soups, I think the only way I would be eating Campbell's soup is if zombies took over the Earth and the only form of food left over was canned. Went off topic there but anyways, as for the food....Ordered the beef pancake wrap $5.99 - The wrap tasted very good but you can tell it was very rushed when put together. The tin foil was heated up with the actual pancake and when they sliced the pancake wrap it created small pieces of foil within. So beware - you could accidentally eat some foil.House special (large) $7.99 - this dish comes with an assortment of meat which I believe comes with sliced beef, tripe, lamb and pork chop. There is also a fried egg and some pickled sweet and sour radish. The soup was pretty good and the noodles were spot on. A nice chew to them with great texture. I wish they had an extra large on the menu as I found myself wanting more. Luckily my sister couldn't finish her bowl :) More for me.
So many little desserts to try on the menu. It took me forever to decide what to get but we ended up getting the following:passion fruit drink $3.99 - okay onlyyam and tapioca dessert in sweet coconut milk served cold $4.99 - nice light dessertcreme brule $6.25 - tasted really good and loved the caramelized sugar on topand finally what can best be described as what look like green noodles with red bean mochi and a sweet coconut milk served cold $5.99 - tasted good when you combine all the individual items into one single spoon full.Everything tasted good. Even though the portions were a decent size for dessert I found myself wanting more.The place is on the small side so the tables are placed very close together. Its so close that you are pretty much dining with strangers and hearing all their conversations. Both tables beside us spoke Mandarin so I didn't understand jack all. Too bad cuz I'm pretty sure I would have heard some good stories from the way they were chatting it up.
The HK style milk tea is on of the best around. I can drink this all day, everyday and would not get bored of this drink. When combined with the bread with condensed milk and butter its $4.25. The butter bread is literally like the name suggests. I do not recommend the bread because its something that can be easily made at home and it would taste exactly the same as it does here. There is no added effort to make the bread stand out. The milk tea is highly recommended though.
$79.99 for their 84 piece sashimi/sushi boat.Meal came with salad, miso soup and green tea ice cream for dessert.Presentation was great. The boat was massive in size. The sushi rolls were huge. The fish was fresh and tasted good. Nothing really stood out for me though. The other sushi boats I have had before usually have higher end items like uni, scallop or shrimp but this one didn't have any of those. Just your typical sashimi and rolls. Service was excellent as there was only one other table being served. Surprised at how dead it was on a Saturday but I guess they get more business on weekdays from all the office workers in the area.
I have had this place on my to go list for a while now and all because of the pork belly bun pictures that were posted. I finally got to try them and man was it amazing. The pork belly meat was so soft and tender. I know I shouldn't be eating the fatty part since its FAT but I couldn't help myself. The fat just melted when I bit into the bun. At $5.99 it may sound pricy for a small pork but but trust me its worth every penny. Also tried the pancake pork floss with egg for $5.99 - this dish was a nice snack but I wouldn't go out of my way just to have this. The pork belly bun though, I definately would go outta my way to have it again. (Yes, I jumped right back into the pork belly bun topic again. I'm sorry, this will be the last time I mention it ;)Also tried the hot grass jelly dessert for $5.50 - I've never had grass jelly hot before but I'm so glad I did today. It was really smooth and tasty and I would not hesitate to order it again. I'm really happy with the items I tried. Service was also very good as it was not too busy.
Dessert items were just as good as the first time.Walnut soup - tasted great and would order againPapaya sago - the papaya was not that goodBlack glutinous rice with whole lychee balls was amazingTofu fa was ust as amazing as the first time.
I wanted something which I know would not disappoint and the first thing that came to mind was The Keg. I always find my experience at The Keg to very consistently good. The meals starts off with complementary bread. Love the soft butter that comes with it.To start things off we got the baked brie for $11. You get a whole block of brie cheese, pesto sweet jelly and little miniature bread slices. When you combine all these ingredients into one bite its just perfection. There was not enough miniature bread for all the toppings but luckily we didn't finish our complimentary bread so we slathered the rest of it on, not wasting the slightest bit. For my main I got the 14oz prime rib for $32. Super soft and tender. Came with onion fritters and baked potato. I ordered the bake potato with everything on it, but it only came with butter. A huge let down for me but this was the only fault of the night. A baked potato is just not the same if you don't have the sour cream, cheese, bacon bits and tiny chopped onions on it. My guest got the lobster/shrimp roll for $19. Came with side coleslaw and fries. The shrimp to lobster ratio was like 80% shrimp and 20% lobster. Tasted okay at best. Dessert is always a must for me. The waiter doesn't even have to ask me for dessert. Its always the other way around. I'm the one asking the waiter what they have for dessert. Got the creme brulee $7. The largest serving of creme brulee I have ever seen. I liked how there was a nice thick layer of hardened caramelized sugar on top. Tasted amazing.Also got the cherry cheese cake $7. It tasted great but I have tried so many different cheese cakes that it made this one taste pretty average. Still very good though. It was an expensive meal for two but if its at The Keg then I know its gonna be worth it.
Came here for afternoon tea (2:30 to 5:30pm). This place is considered a Hong Kong style cafe in my books but at a higher level. They do have many dishes that are comparable with expensive Italian restaurants.Curry chicken with rice $6.99 - nice portion of meat and a tasty sauceSalmon and chicken with angel hair noodles in cream sauce $6.99 - smoked salmon was fresh and tasty. The cream sauce with chicken and noodles went well with the salmon. Portion size was decent.Deep fried chicken wings with potato salad $7.99 - chicken wings were done really well. Didn't really like the potato salad. It had no taste.Seafood spaghetti $6.99 - nice amount of seafood for the price.Meals come with drink but we upgraded to Horlick for $0.50 each and iced milk tea for $1.25When compared to other Hong Kong style cafes the prices here are on the high end. Usually during afternoon tea in other places the prices are lower or the same but include soup and iced milk tea.When compared to Italian restaurants the prices here would be considered very lower. So I guess the price could be considered high or low depending on how you look at it. Quality is definately a step above your standard HK style cafes.
Quite pleased with this place. On a Sunday afternoon I was expecting it to be a lot busier but there were many free tables. Chicken teriyaki with eel for $15.99 - I really like the portion of eel they give you with this bento box and the price is pretty good for what you get included with the meal. However, overall the portion is a bit on the small size and I found myself still wanting more to eat.Pork Udon $10.99 - Udon portion is really small and the pork was a bit on the dry side. Comes with a side of salmon sushi.Both meals come with salad and miso soup and also a pudding dessert.Great food and service but portions are a bit small.One thing that bothered me was that the waitress would be standing and waiting to serve customers but this one waitress always ended up standing right in front of our table and it was like she was watching us eat. She was in our personal space :)
Side dishes are great here which include seaweed, glass noodles, radish, kimchii, soy beans and fried fish paste I think.I got my pork bone soup as usual at a Korean restaurant. There is a good amount of pork bone but there was little meat on the bone for me. I found the soup salty but still good to drink. Love that they serve purple rice here and for $9.99 the whole meal is great value.Service was great.
Good foodCheap as it will get for this type of foodFast service and clean setupTried their soup dumplings. The ones they have here are grilled on the bottom so a bit different from othere places. The portions of the dishes are extremely generous. The one dish that stood out was the braised beef noodle in soup. The noodles were a bit different here aswell. They were a bit thiner but still with a good chew. The braised beef was soft and tender.Tried a few other dishes and they were all excellent.
A simple ramen joint run by Chinese and in my opinion they do a pretty good job at it. I thought the menu was very simple to follow and liked how there were pictures for many of the items. As per usual, I read up on Jennifer K's review and when I saw a 4 star rating based on their ramen I had to go visit ASAP.It was a really hot summer day so I only got the spicy ramen level 1 for $8.50. Not that I can't handle the spice but I didn't want to be sweating even more than I already was. Level 1 spice was not spicy at all in my opinion. The noodles had a nice chew, pork meat was good, broth was nice. Came with boiled egg which is a plus but the real kicker were those baby shrimps which only comes with the spicy ramen. They were crispy and quite tastey. (Yes, I said 'kicker' and stole a line that Guy Ferretti normally uses).Also tried a bit of the Hokkaido ramen which was just as good as the spicy ramen. I really liked the creamy broth in this one.Service was nice and quick.
Its lobster season and it seems like everyone has lobster specials on the menu.Lobster grilled cheese sandwich $16.99 - when it arrived I said to myself  "where's the rest of it?" The sandwich was tiny, the coleslaw was even smaller and the lobster meat was mashed into pieces and very limited in portion. The week before I had a lobster grilled cheese sandwich at Jake's on Main and everything there was huge. It was a triple-decker sandwich with big chucks of lobster and a huge serving of fries or salad for $14.99. At Turtle Jack's I was really disappointed with the lobster grilled cheese sandwich because Jake's set the bar way too high but it tasted okay at least.Lobster salad $16.99 - you can actually see lobster in this dish but nothing really to point out.Service was friendly and relatively quick.
I'm not really a beer drinker so this review based only on the food.Got a very nice seat on the patio.They give you a free sample shot of beer to try out.Manhattan flatbread $16 was okay only. It was shaped like a thin crust pizza. I found the crust to be way too soft. Only the very edge of the flatbread had some crisp to it. The toppings consisted of caramelized onions, cheese and chunks of steak. Overall, found it to be pretty average.French dip for $15 was another just okay dish for me. The fries were very plain. The meat in the beef dip was soft but it was a mushy soft. Not a tender type of soft at all. The bread was really good and soaked up the aju very nicely. Overall, pretty average once again.Also tried a sangria beer cocktail at $4.25. Tasted weird to me and didn't really like it.Food is 3 stars for me but I'm sure they have other dishes which are better. Service was excellent.
Tried a variety of things here and overall everything tasted okay but nothing really stood out.Guava coconut and Pomegranate Lychee drinks at $5 each - more like an exotic fruit slushie but tasted pretty good.Chicken/beef satay at $13 for 6 pieces - the peanut sauce it came with was amazing but the size of the skewers could have used an upgrade.Chicken roti for $8.50 and $2 for each additional flat bread - really small portion but very tasty and still pretty good value for the $8.50. I still thought the sauce was missing a little something. Maybe a little spiciness would have given it some extra kick.Pad Thai for $8 - nice decent size shrimps. The sauce had a sweet flavor to it and once again dish is on the smaller size but good value for $8.Pineapple fried rice for $7.50 - more of the same once again. Mango pudding $6 - the mango was an actual mango and not the pudding I was expecting and it was a really sour mango. Don't recommend.Sago dessert $5 - don't know what to say about this one but I really didn't like this dessert either and do not recommend. Coconut rice pudding $5 - loved the sweet coconut shavings. My favorite dessert of all the ones I tried. Overall a nice meal but nothing exciting here that makes me want to come back.
I like the outdoor setup here. Waterproof HDTV's, outdoor speakers so there is actualy sound when watching a game. There are also large umbrellas to shelter from the rain and outdoor heaters for when it gets too chilly. Awesome outdoor setup and makes me wish I had that in my own backyard.The food was average at best. Wings were small but flavourful. It came with a small hand full of fries and a nice dill dipping sauce for $12.99Also got the rib and wing combo for $21.99 which comes with coleslaw and once again a small hand full of fries. The fries were nice and crispy and tasted great with the dipping sauce but I think they could have given a bit more fries. You can get half price wings on Tuesdays and the rib and wing combo for $19.99 on Friday's. Too bad the basketball game was on a Thursday so no specials that I could take advantage of other than half price appetizers.Service was pretty fast considering how busy it was. Parking can be a problem because there are other restaurants around with a small parking lot.
Tried the lunch special vermicelli with 3 chicken skewers and spring roll for $8.50 - comes with egg drop soup. Portions of meat and noodles were filling. Meat was seasoned and grilled well. The spring roll had an amazing crispy shell. Everything tasted excellent.Also got a chance to try the lemon chicken vermicelli $8.95. Tasted similar to the chicken skewers.Avocado milk shake $3.45 - Not much avocado flavour. Tasted like a sweet milky vanilla shake. I still liked it though.Also got a fried rice to go at $11.95Service was fast, prices are affordable and the place was nice and clean.
First impression - waiter was super nice. He was all smiles and sounded very energized and enthusiastic. Came her on a Friday for lunch and the place was fairly busy but still room for more customers. Stuffed meatball $13.58 - about the size of a tennis ball and stuffed with a small amount of mozzarella. It was packed with flavours and tasted great. Just wish I didn't have to share it :)Small Zucca $15.92 - it was indeed very small. Good portion for females but for a grown man with a big appetite like myself, it would have been like a drop in a pond. The flavours though were outta bounds like Guy Fieri would say. The ravioli was stuffed with butternut squash which had a hint of sweetness. All the other ingredients that accompanied the dish came all together really well and made this a very memorable dish.Smoked bacon and egg pizza $15.96. Its a really messy dish to eat because of the egg yolk. You also need to slice the pizza yourself with the special scissors they give you and that just made things even more messy. Overall, wasn't that impressed with this pizza. I did enjoy how the crispiness of the crust.Overall, a great place for Italian food. I definitely want to come back to try more of their pasta's.
A very nifty looking place. Video games at the entrance to keep kids busy if there are line ups. The place was very modern looking and a lot cleaner than most other HK style cafes. Came here on Friday to get their evening special which starts at 3:00pm.Got some deep fried cubed toast with condensed milk $3.99 - It was a nice snack but I thought it was a bit plain even when drenched in condensed milk. I like the cubed toast at Kiko Cafe better. To keep with the deep fried theme we also got some spicy deep fried chicken wings. Very crispy on the skin and juicy on the inside. Done very well.Also got some fried instant noodles with beef and a fried rice with beef. Both were good and similar to Congee Queen.At the end of the meal you get a free dessert, either a tapioca pudding or a quarter of a waffle with a scoop of neapolitan ice cream. Went with the waffle and it was really good. Waffle was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. + 0.5 for free waffles.Overall a very good HK style cafe with very good service.3.5 stars
Have to agree with Jennifer K. - the pork bone soup was a lot less spicy and flavour was a bit lacking compared to other Korean restaurants. Still a very good soup though. Huge portions of meat but almost to the point that I could not finish it. At $9.99 its a bit higher in price when you can find lunch specials for the same quality at $6.99.Also got the soon tofu with Yellow tail for $15.99. The fish itself was quiety large and grilled very nicely which made the skin of the fish very crispy. Side dishes included sweet and sour radish, kimchi, bean sprouts, peanuts and a pickled veggie. Not my most favourite side dishes. The service was excellent. Waitress asked twice if we wanted extra side dishes.
Pretty happy with the quality of food here but prices are a bit higher here.$2.80 small$3.80 medium$4.80 large$5.80 extra largeOf course they have the early bird special before 11am where small to large are $2.80Everything tasted great especially the egg yolk custard bun. The place was still busy on a weekday afternoon after 11am. I thought there would be no line up after 11am since the price increase but it was still busy. I still give a slight edge to my favorite Fansy Chinese Cuisine because they have the best tofu dessert.
Started off with the ravioli fritti appetizer. This first dish set the expectation for the other main dishes. Just like everyone recommended the ravioli fritti's were addicting. If I had these at home I would be downing them like popcorn. They're just so yummy (5/5 stars). For the main dishes got the Butternut squash ravioli (4/5 stars) and Fettuccini Alfredo (3/5 stars). The first few bites were awesome but as I kept on eating the flavor started to get a bit boring. The place was pretty packed during lunch on a weekday but service was still good. The overall experience was great and I really want to give this place a higher rating but when compared to places like Remezzo I just can't justify any higher than a 3.5 star overall rating.
This place was brought to my attention from the TV show "Lets Eat."I have been on a Shanghai dim sum feastathon as of late and this one is similar to the rest of them in terms of the food.Came on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. At first glance you can tell this place has been around for a while. Everything looks old and run down. Then menu that was presented to us was in English and Chinese so that was a pleasant surprise since all of the other Shanghai dim sum places I have went to only gave a Chinese menu and you had to ask for an English menu. All the food was great. I find the the xiao long bao ($5.99 for 6) we ate here was a little different from the others I have tried. The outer layer was a bit more tough and the meat portion inside was a bit more filled with meat and less soup. Either way it still tasted good.What I really enjoyed the most here though were the pancake beef wraps. The wrap was nice crispy but it was also soft at the same time. Great flavours in the beef meat made it a perfect dish.We also had fried thick noodle with beef and shrimps or if you read it on the menu its called Shanghai fried noodles. I think this dish was around $7.49 - It was a bit small in terms of size but still large enough to share with others. They gave us the smalliest pieces of beef and shrimps and very little of it as well. The dish still tasted good though.Overall, just as good as the other Shanghai dim sum places around with just a few minor setbacks.3.5 stars
Even though Jennifer K. gave it two stars I had to go give it a try because of all the reviews. I really regret coming here and should have listened to Jennifer K's review.Service was amazing but the food was below average.Meal comes with bread as appetizer. It wasn't a garlic bread but but very similar.Chicken Alfredo fettuccini $17.75 - portion is very small. Tasted very bland with no flavor.Pappardelle alla bolognese $17.25 - same comments as above. Rib panini and soup $19.75 - not on the menu but one of their seasonal specials. The rib meat was boneless and very tender fall off the bone. The seafood chowder soup didn't have any seafood that I could visually see but had a nice flavor to it. This was best dish that was ordered. Steak panini $16.50 - comes with a arugula salad. The meat was really tough. If trying to eat this with your hands like you would eat any sandwich then good luck because the meat was so tough it was impossible and became very messy. This sandwich had to be knife and forked.A very disappointing meal and especially for the price they charge I really was expecting much more.The food gets a 1 star and the Service gets a 5 star - I know this doesn't average out to an overall 2 star review but the food just ruined the experience altogether.
sushi/sashimi boat $42pretty standard stuffnice large pieces of sashimiI was expecting some more variety of sashimi to be included like octopus, red clam or even better parts of the salmon like the bellythe fish was pretty fresh but you can find this kind of freshness in sushi almost anywhere now
Average food with good service.Started off with a white peach bellini ($5 special) - tasted good and was sweet in flavour but I consider these very expensive slushies. Comes with a gummy frog candy. I have no idea why they put those on but it was there.Mosaic dip $13.75 - I think this was the best item we had throughout the whole meal. It was basically flatbread with a side of warm goat cheese with diced tomatoes. Sounds simple but tasted good.Beef Dip $14.75 +$1 to substitute fries with broccoli cream soup. I think the soup was good and tasted even better than the beef dip itself. The bread of the beef dip had sprinkles of salt but it seemed like someone dropped like a spoonful of salt on the bread. This just ruined the whole sandwich. The dip was nothing special and neither was the meat. I would recommend avoiding this sandwich because it really didn't taste good at all.Lobster and shrimp linguini $23.75 - came with three large shrimps and half a baby lobster tail. I think one shrimp had the same amount of meat as the half lobster tail. Came with a buttered bread. Not worth the money they charge and I would also recommend avoiding this dish, not because it tasted bad but because its just not worth $23.75.To end off the meal of course I had to try dessert. Got the tasting trio for $11 which comes with mini versions of the white chocolate brownie, sticky toffee pudding and salted caramel pecan cheesecake + a scoop of ice cream. Best one was the cheese cake in my opinion. Nothing special with the other two desserts. Once again I would have to recommend avoiding this dessert and probably just get the cheese cake by itself. Our server Inesa was great.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon. The place is very small just like everyone mentioned already. There was a small line up but we only had to wait about 5 minutes. I think service was very fast. Within 5 minutes from ordering the food began arriving. Everything was made fresh too since all the food we ordered was scolding hot. From the all day breakfast menu we ordered the black truffle scrambled eggs with toast, fruits and potato wedges $9.99 - tried some of the eggs and it was pretty good. Meal comes with drink so we got milk tea. For my own main dish I got the smoked salmon and chicken pasta for $8.99 - It comes with garlic toast, soup and the milk tea. For the pasta you can choose the different types of pasta they have available like angel hair, spaghetti and fusilli. You can also add extra cheese for $1. For the sauce there are no options and came with a cream based sauce. As for the smoked salmon it came sliced thin and had four large pieces. For the soup we all choose the clam chowder and it tasted okay. Not overly salty and decent flavours but with very little clam. Overall, I thought the main part of the dish was pretty average but good value for all the things you get with it.I also got to try the curry fish with rice $8.99 - The fish was soft and smooth plus the portion was very generous. The curry sauce was not overly spicy but it had a small kick to it with all the ginger flavour it had. Comes with the garlic toast, soup and milk tea. Once again, average dish but good value.Finally, for dessert we shared the French toast cubes $5.99 - The size of this thing is ridiculously huge. They were more like French toast bricks. Deep fried to perfection with a slight crisp on the outside but still soft on the inside. Drizzled with maple syrup and butter. This dish is definitely for sharing because if one person were to eat this thing then you would have consumed all the calories you need for a day in one dish. To sum things up; average food, good value, fast service and a French toast which is to die for. +0.5 for the amazing French toast. 3.5 stars
The place is alot smaller than I thought. The place was full when we arrived but were were seated within 5 minutes. I thought the service would be slow because I only saw the one waitress serving the whole restaurant but everything suprisingly came pretty fast. I got the Mi Ne lunch bento box special $18.95 - it was the largest lunch bento they had and so I ordered it because I knew the other ones would not fill me to satisfaction. This one was just right for me. I went with salmon teriyaki. I found the portion on the salmon teriyaki on the small side but the bento box also came with sashimi, sushi, glass noodle, veggies, shrimp and veggie tempura. Everything tasted great. The meal also came with the standard salad and miso soup. My mom got the beef teriyaki bento box $11.95 - beef was nice and tender and portion of beef was decent. It also came with rice, salad, glass noodle, veggies, shrimp and veggie tempura.My dad got the salmon teriyaki $8.95 - came with rice, salad, glass noodle, veggies and tofu. Great value for less than $9.My sister got a sushi plate $12.95 - came with shrimp tempura sushi and a variety of sushi.All the sushi and sashimi tasted fresh. I thought service was excellent and the lone waitress did an excellent job. Price is competitive with other Japanese restaurants.
Nice cozy place. I liked the seating on the 2nd floor. The waitress must get a killer workout everyday going up and down those steps to sever customers. Persian black tea $3 - served in a cute little teapot with a candle to keep it heated. Perfect for one person. I'm not big on tea's but it had a nice taste to it.Cappuccino $4 - served in a little cup with strong coffee flavours. I needed a couple sugar cubes to bring it to a level at which I could enjoy. Once it was sweet enough for me it was amazing. I wish there was a larger size option.Chocolate fondue $9.75 I think - came with a variety of fruits like blueberries, strawberries, raspberries and sliced banana. There was also 3 creme puffs and 3 marshmallows. The fruits were pretty fresh but the marshmallows were stale and hard. Of course anything tastes good when you dip it in chocolate.Overall, everything was good but with an average review of 4.5 stars I was expecting something here to blow me away but nothing really did. Maybe I ordered the wrong items of the menu but still a great place to relax and to grab some snacks and drinks.
I'm really excited to write this review because I really had a great experience here. At first glace the place is very small and seats about 25-30 max. I don't really like compact restaurants but the place was clean and nicely decorated. The lunch menu was very simple and has limited dishes to choose from when comparing to other HK style cafes. I came with the family so I got to try many different dishes. My Dad got the curry beef brisket $9.95 - the curry flavours were great, the meat was super tender and soft. Portion of meat was very generous. Comes with rice or spaghetti. Very rarely my dad gives the thumbs up but on this occassion he did so that means it was a 5 star when converting into Yelp stars.My sister got the crab meat mac n cheese $12.95 - before we got this dish we were already speculating that it would be that fake crab meat that you get at the Chinese super market but we were so proven wrong when we saw actual chunks of crab meat. There was a good amount of cheese, great flavours, crab meat a little on the low side but overall it was another great dish. Usually my sister will give me a portion of her food but this time she didn't want to share so it translates to something near a 5 star in Yelp terms. My mom got baked seafood spaghetti with cream sauce $11.95 - plenty of seafood, shrimps were very large and overall flavours were good. This one was probably the least impressive dish but still tasted really good to me.The dish I got was the show stopper. The braised oxtail in red wine sauce for $14.95 - The sauce was amazing, the amount of oxtail they give you is amazing, the super tender fall off the bone meat was amazing. This is one of the few oxtail dishes I have had that even surpasses my moms home made oxtail (sorry mommy). All meals came with milk tea and even the milk tea was smoother and better than most other places. For what is considered a simple HK style diner, this place is definately a few steps above when it comes to quality of food. The prices are a bit higher but so worth it. Not all dishes were 5 stars but because the oxtail blew me away I will give this place a 5 star review and it is officially my Fav Cafe.
Came here for lunch on new years day. The place was fairly busy but we were seated right away. Tried a few different dishes here:Baked fish + rice with creme and spinach sauceLemon grass pork chop with riceFried seafood udonSatay beef in noodle soup with eggs and toast on sideAll dishes came with drink and we all got milk teaAll the dishes were pretty good and comparable to other HK style cafes. The pork chop dish was really the only thing that stood out for me. There were 2 large pieces of pork chop and it was soft and tender.Service was quick. All dishes were under $10 and the one breakfast dish we got was less than $6 so price wise its an affordable place to grab some quick grub.
Came here on a Saturday for lunch. The place was vey busy but we were lucky enough to get a seat right away. Pork Cutlet bun $6.50 - the pork was very lean, juicy and tender. Pork cutlet on rice $9.75 once again the pork was as the pork bun described above. Portions were very filling. Spaghetti bolognese $9.50 -  Not very saucy in terms of tomato sauce. It was more like spaghetti with ground beef and cheese. My mom didn't like it much but I thought it was pretty good.  Fried sticy rice $11.25 - no complaints here. Its a simple dish and it tasted good.All meals came with soup and milk tea except for the pork cutlet bun. Service was really fast. Everything tasted good and the pork was amazing.3.5 stars
Similar layout to Sansotei Ramen in Markham.I thought the food was pretty average. The pork belly was just too fatty. If the fat was melt in your mouth then it would be acceptable but for me it was just too much fat to swallow.I got the meat lovers ramen $13. You get 4 slices of meat. I chose 2 pieces of pork shoulder and 2 pieces of pork belly.A regular bowl of ramen goes for $10.50 which only comes with one slice of meat. They also charge you an extra $1.50 if you want miso soup as your base soup flavour and $1 extra if you want pork broth instead of the standard chicken broth. I really think this is just a money grab because I did order one bowl with the extra options and could not tell the difference. Also tried the takoyaki for $5.50 - pretty average once again.
I must have over reacted a bit last time with a 5 star review. When I went back for a second time it was probably just as good but I just wasn't as impressed as last time. I just think I am spoiled with all the other foods I have been eating as of late. Ordered the Vietnamese yellow curry chicken again for $11.95 and added the flat bread for $4.50 which came with 3 small flat breads. The curry was really good and came with huge pieces of dark meat chicken which could feed 2 or 3 people. Also tried the small pork neck dish for $8.95. Its listed in the entree section but I thought it was more of an appetizer. The meat was so soft and tender and it had a nice sweet sauce to top it off. Also tried the pork chop and fried rice lunch special for $7.99. It came with a small soup and a deep fried spring roll. Its good value if you are on a budget and everything was quite good. A bit on the small side but perfect for those little ladies out there with tiny appetites. Also got a fried noodle with chicken and shrimps for $7.50. Nothing worth mentioning here as its pretty standard and you can find this at just about any other Chinese restaurant. I would say everything is as good as last time but I am only giving 4 stars this time because I think I was just overly impressed the first time since I only had to share my food with one other person last time. I got to eat so much the first time but this time around I had to share with more people so I got to eat less. Still a great place for some good food.
I had really high expectations with all the high reviews but sadly those expectations fell a bit short. Came on a Saturday evening at 6:00pm and the restaurant was almost maxed out of seats. Mind you this restaurant is very small and seats about 36 individuals if my count was correct. I believe this is a family run Japanese restaurant run by Koreans. There were a total of 4 workers: one in the back kitchen, 2 dedicated to making sushi and 1 waitress. People who came after us complained that they made reservations and still could not get a set.Service was extremely slow and clumsy. We didn't get tea until we asked for some and they forgot the wasabi for our sushi boat. I felt sorry for the waitress because she had to deal with taking orders, serving, cleaning and taking complaints from upset customers waiting.We ordered the largest boat on the menu which had about 90 assorted pieces of sashimi/sushi for $65. Meals come with salad and miso soup with ice cream as dessert. This massive boat fed the 4 of us and we were quite full by the end of our meal. For $65 I found the price to be lower than most other places. A good bargin for what you get. The presentation of the boats were very nice and this was actually the main reason that convinced me to visit. I really liked the miso soup as it was not overly salty. The cuts of salmon were very large and thick and was quite fresh. The boat also had tuna, red snapper, shrimp, scallop, BBQ eel, squid and uni. The uni was really small and wasn't fresh at all. It had a strong fishy taste. I was pretty sad about this because looking at all the pictures posted it seemed pretty decent. Overall a pretty decent Japanese restaurant.
This is actually the first place that I ever tried macarons. And you know what they say. You can never forget the first time. Very light, a bit chewy and very sweet with a bunch of flavors to choose from. I have tried many other places every since and I have to say I have yet to find a dessert place which has better macarons. I find that other places make them really light and its like biting into air. No real satisfaction in that. I like my macarons with a bit more bite and with a slight chewiness. This place does it just the way I like. I feel like I'm Goldilocks choosing the one that is not too soft and not too hard but the one that is done just right. And I think Ruelo does them just right. I take away one star because they are just so freakin expensive. Not just here but everywhere. I will never give 5 stars for macarons unless Ruelo sells them for a lower price or some place amazes me with a macaron better than Ruelo's.
Totally wasn't planning on coming here but was pretty much forced here because Touro Churrascaria was too busy to take more customers and the wait time for a table of two was over an hour. Marlowe was pretty busy themselves at about 1:00pm on a Thursday but they didn't turn us away and found us a nice booth seat. One thing I really hate about this plaza is the parking. Literally had to circle around for about 25 minutes to find a spot. People were making their own spots and parking on curbs and even handicap spots. So frustrating and its on a normal Thursday afternoon at around 1:00pm. I know there are a lot of office workers around during this time but still.Anyway, now that I have finish complaining; on to the actual review.Meal came with complementary bread. No butter for some reason but still tasted good.For appetizer got the lobster poutine $13.95 - didn't really like the taste at first but it grew on me and there was a healthy portion of lobster meat which made me happy.Prime rib dip with mash potato $15.95 - looked small but by the time I finished the complementary bread and lobster poutine and this sandwich I was quite full. Good portion of meat. The dip was pretty good but definitely had better dip sauce before. Lunch special sandwich and soup of the day $12.95 - basically a BBQ sauce sliced beef sandwich and creme of mushroom soup. BBQ sauce was a bit sweet and once again a good portion of meat. The soup was really good but got a bit boring towards the end. Maybe I was feeling too full.Even though it was really busy the service was pretty efficient and very friendly.
I must say that Yang's is probably one of the best dim sum places that I have ever visited in a long while. The prices are quite a bit higher but it is well worth it in my opinion. Got here at about 12pm on a Saturday and the place was pretty much full. This place is extremely small from what I could see. I'm not too sure if there was another area in the back. We put our order in and food started arriving within 5 minutes. The service was fast and very efficient as the empty dishes were taken away right when we finished them. As for the food I really like the variety of different dishes they had and a few of them I thought were pretty uniqe and hard to find at other dim sum places like the cashew nut pumpkin puff and the sticky rice wrapped in a bun. There are a few other rare items but did not get to try. Maybe next time. Some of the dishes that really stood out for me was the fried squid. It was fresh and cooked to perfection with a carmelized outter layer. Another dish I really like was I believe beef muscle/tendon. I usually don't like tendon by itself but these were nice and soft and had a sauce I enjoyed. I also really liked the cashew nut pumpkin puffs. They actually looked like little pumpkins and tasted really food. We ordered 14 dishes and the bill came to be about $75 taxes in. On the bill it said that the charge for tea was waived and 10% off the dishes aswell. Not too sure if this was like an early bird special price but even with the discount I found the bill to be high but worth it in the end.4.5 stars - the only drawback is the price.
Got here at 10:40am on a Saturday morning for dim sum and its packed just like all the other dim sum places around. We had to take a number and wait for our seats but within a minute we were seated. This place is huge and is nicely decorated. Even the waitresses were dressed up in their maid outfits which made if feel more of a high end place. We ordered 15 dishes between the four of us and the bill came to be about $61 after tax. They do have an early bird special which ends at 11am where the sizes small to large are all $3 each. Overall I was very pleased with the food and service. Empty dishes were cleared out promptly and the food arrived surprisingly fast even though it was so busy. I liked all the dishes we had and they all tasted really good and freshly made. Definitely a higher quality dim sum than average. The dish that really stood out for me though was the layer cake. You can actually see the layers.
I've been looking for a place to top Bombay Bhel but this one is far from it. Flavors not as distinct and the garlic naan doesn't even come close to Bombay Grill. Why do they all have to use the name Bombay? Nothing really noteworthy here but didn't taste bad either. I always get butter chicken and one new dish. The reason for this is that I know I will at least like one dish because butter chicken is always yummy. The second dish was some kind of spicy lamb curry flavored dish. I guess the search continues but I doubt I will find any other Indian restaurant that will top Bombay Bhel.
lobster cooked 4 ways- Steamed (2nd favourite)- Stir Fried with Maggie Sauce (my favourite)- Deep Fried (3rd favourite)- Fried Rice with Brain (4th favourite because very little lobster brain)We asked for a 6 pound lobster and ended up getting 8.25 pound. This happens every time so they can make extra money. This is not good practice but I will let it slide since I'm a nice guy :) Next time I should ask for a 4 pound lobster so we can get 6 pounds. We were charged $181 before tax for the lobster cooked 4 ways, so if my math is correct its $21.94 / lb - HOLY CRAPPERS thats expensive when just a few months ago I went to Fishman Lobster Clubhouse and was charged $16.95 / lb - Once again I will let this slide since its not lobster season. Also got deep fried oysters for $18 - its okay but nothing special and quite expensive for what you getAlso got sweet and sour beef ribs $13 - I liked this dish, the meat was plentiful and tender and the sauce was not overpowering, great value for the priceAlso got some greens (snowpeas leaves) $16 - once again pretty expensive but  its out of season so this will be the third slide of the review :)Best part of the meal was the complementary desserts - Red Bean Sweet Soup- Taro Sweet Soup- Mango Mochi- Deep Fried Egg White with sugar- Black Sesame Balls All desserts were very good but my favourite was the taro soup. It was so good we even asked for more and they were more than willing to give us more on the house. Service was great and they kept on replace our overflowing lobster shell dishes multipule times so we would always have a clean and empty dish.Food - 4Service - 5Price - 2
Another stellar meal at Thai Basil. Came for dinner this time and noticed that my favorite dish (Mussamun beef brisket) is $10.95 during dinner. When I ordered the same dish for lunch it was $8.95 and it included white rice. Much greater value during lunch. Other than that everything is just as good as I remembered from the first visit. Most memorable is the curry sauce of course and it was once again so good that I poured it all over my fried rice and even the pad Thai.
I see why they built this place here. There is a high school nearby.Love the fresh popcorn. Its even better than movie theater popcorn. Looked over the menu and really didn't know what to get. Not all items on the menu have a picture of the food but I assume that if there is a picture of that item then it must be one of the better things on the menu. So I went with the sugar cane + milk + grass jelly. Also tried the taro slushie drink. Both drinks were good.Also tried a dessert which had hot grass jelly + taro + sweet potato + tapioca. Tasted okay.Service was good considering there was a constant flow of highschoolers. I think the best part was the fresh popcorn.
Came here on a Friday afternoon. The place was fairly busy. Small and cozy place run by Chinese. Lunch comes with option of soup, spring rolls or mango salad. We went with the mango salad. They loaded it with sugar so it tasted really sweet but other than that it was pretty average. Green curry with beef and rice $9.99 - the curry had a nice kick of spiciness to it. The beef was more like beef tendon. The sauce tasted decent with the rice. Nothing spectacular though.Oxtail in wine sauce with rice $14.99 -  oxtail was not that tender and was cut really small. Pretty disappointed in the dish. If you want good oxtail dish then try the one at Fav Cafe.Overall a pretty average place for a meal.
Came here after lunch on a Thursday afternoon and wanting something sweet. Decent drinks and okay desserts. Very difficult to find the place but the best description I can give is to look for the office building with greenish tinted windows that has "100 York"  labeled on the building.The atmosphere is more targeting teens and the younger crowed with menus that look more like a child's story book. Its weird see men in suit and tie holding what looks like a child's menu. If I was opening a cafe in this area I would probably be targeting the many office workers in the area. But I guess it gets most of its business from the younger crowed during the night since its been around for so long.Large Macchiatto $6 - WARNING - wait for it to cool down or sip very slowly or else you might get burned like I did. The drink is topped with cool whip cream so when the scolding hot drink hits your lips its a painful surprise. The drink itself is sweet and pretty good.Large Cappuccino $5 - lots of foam on top, pretty decent flavour.Also got a slice of cake called the Cherry Potter for $8.50 - probably the most expensive slice of cake I have ever purchased. Fell way short of expectations. It was basically a New York cheese cake with apple crumble and cherries. The syrup sauce from the cherries were over powering and really didn't taste really good and ruined the cheese cake itself. Most expensive and one of the worst cheese cakes I have ever had.Service was good as there wasn't really that many customers at about 2:30pm.
I was really surprised about this place. Came here with no expectations. There was one waitress and one waiter during lunch on a Friday. The waitress was running up and down the place and working really hard. She had forgot our tea's but I could not stay mad at her. She was really cute and working so hard :)Meal came with a complementary noodle soup which was very tasty. As an appetizer started off with deep fried oysters. Done very well with light breading on the outside. The oysters were really fresh and tasty and fairly large in size. It came with a side of coleslaw with wasabi dressing and also a side of salad for $7.For the main I went with the salmon teriyaki bento box for $9. For this price I was not expecting much but everything was above expectations when I compared them to other Japanese restaurants. Loved how the steamed veggies were in a cute bamboo container like at dim sum places. There was a side salad, two pieces of tofu, two pieces of avocado sushi, purple rice and a fairly good size salmon. It was the most healthy meal I have eaten in a while. The salmon was nice and moist and the presentation of the whole dish was just perfect. Also got the fried seafood udon noodle for $10.99 - Another great dish with amazing flavours and had a good amount of seafood which included, shrimps, calamari rings and oysters. Didn't get to try any of the sushi/sashimi to see how fresh it was but I can't wait to come back to give it a try.
Small and cozy little Japanese restaurant. Came here wanting to eat some kind of bento box. Is there such thing as a bento box craving? lol. I didnt't really like the options for their bento box menu. I think someone should come out with a restaurant that has custom bento box options. Anyway.......Salmon teriyaki $13.95 - parts of the salmon was a bit dry but still tasted okay. Comes with salad, some sushi, and rice.Tempura lunch special $11.95 - came with 2 shrimp tempura and some veggie tempura. Also came with salad, some sushi and 2 deep fried dumplings. Everything tasted okay.Both meals come with miso soup and green tea ice cream
Haven't been here in a while but very pleased with the visit. Large milk tea with egg jelly and grass jelly for $5.99 - the sweetness was just perfect and the milk tea was silky smooth.Gomphrena tea $6.99 - the tea itself had a very light flavour and was very good. The teacup was so tiny it was like I was drinking from a toy teacup set. The only way I could hold the cup was to pinch the cup handle with a thumb and a finger. Condensed milk toast $3.99 - super thick toast with a crust that just peeled off. Really crunch crust. The condensed milk was caramelized on the top. A very good snack and would order again if I had the chance.Truffle Royale cake $5.99 - silky smooth chocolate layer and very moist. Would have it again in a heart beat.
I've tried both locations. This one and the Markham one in front of pmall. I personally think the quality at the pmall one is a lot better. I don't think they are owned by the same people because the one at pmall seems more of a family restaurant whereas the one in Richmond hill makes it really evident that it's just a chain. The pmall one is also always busy & I can't say the same for the Richmond one. The Richmond one is bigger and it's opened for longer hours than the pmall one however the quality of the food was not there. The first time I tried Kim po was at the Markham location and it was really delicious. Food came out piping hot and portions were fair. The portions at the Richmond one are a lot less and seems less authentic and fresh. I will be returning to the Markham location but unfortunately not back to the Richmond location.
Came here with a group of friends last time. It is usually good so I'm not sure what happened. We came on a weekend during yum cha hours where they push carts and should have everything ready. Their siu mai is pork and shrimp and it was raw. We sent it back and they gave us another one... which was also raw. We went it back AGAIN, and it came back AGAIN RAW. You can't serve raw pork to ur customers. Luckily my friend checked it because I'm sure most people don't and just eat it and get food poisoning later. The jelly fish we ordered , they Gave us the end of jelly fish which was hard and not edible. We complained and asked them for a new dish but they refused to give us a new jelly fish order. I would give it 2 stars because all my other experiences were great except this one but honestly, giving it one star only because the siu mai came back raw 3 times and that's just unacceptable.
There's always a line here if u come during breakfast and lunch hours. Usual wait is roughly 20-30 mins if you're lucky. All the dishes are well presented. If you have a VIP card and pay cash, u get 10% off. They have a variety of dim sum dishes including really nice presented ones. It's good if you're bringing family here as the presentation is really nice. 1 star off because the service is quite poor. It's hard to get their attention and most of the employees do not speak English. I asked for mayonnaise and not one person in the entire restaurant knew what mayonnaise was. Another star off because it'll be hard for people who aren't Chinese to order and understand/communicate. So maybe download a translating app before u go LOl
I LOVE their earl grey macaroons. They always sell out before the day ends so make you go early if you want more than 2 earl grey macaroons. It is honestly the best macaron place in Toronto (all the flavours, not just earl grey. That one is just my fave.). Why is it good?? Well if you try one, u will know right away. It is fresh, you can taste the actual flavours, not just the sugar like u do at nadege macaroons. These macaroons at ruelo are so rich in flavour, like the coffee one.... it tastes like I'mActually drinking coffee ! They have some exotic flavours and ones u usually wouldn't find elsewhere as well like black sesame, Yusu, in season fruit flavours. They are more expensive than butter macaroons but they are well worth it. The Quality is honestly just better. I've had macaroons everywhere I go & around the world and so far, nothing beats their earl grey
this is my go-to sushi place in toronto/gta area. ive been here a handful of times since i was in highschool, which is over the past 8 years! their quality of the sushi and fish are superb each time! the presentation of the sushi is also plated beautifully so also instagram worthy photos. my favourite rolls are the crunch roll and baked scallop roll. if i had to chose one roll, it would be the baked scallop roll, it never disappoints! everyone i have taken here loves this place!
I've only had dim sum here but i know many peopleWho come here for Chinese dinners. They have king crabs and lots of fresh live seafood. The dim sum here is slightly more expensive than other near by places and they don't seem to have a cart. It seems more of made to order. The food is good but for dim sum, I've tasted better.
Been coming to congee Wong for over 10 years now with my family. The congee is the best I've had tasted so far in Toronto. I always get their liver congee. The liver is so soft, it melts in ur mouth. They also have lobster and crab Chinese dishes if you have family dinners here which is nice, also at a cheap price. The portion of the food here is enormous and would definitely feed an entire family. It's always good value here and we always leave with leftover take out as well!
Make sure you have ur stretchiest eating pants on or else you're just going to have to unbutton ur button cause you will leave this place super satisfied and full. So far this is the best hot pot place in Toronto. I always get their tom yum (extra $$) and their satay. Half and half. Their home made beef balls are delicious because they are home made and they also have tender hand cut beef u have to ask for as well as normal beef. Been coming here for years and always return here. I've never had a bad experience here other than sometimes they don't accept card. It's uncertain which days they will accept and which they wouldn't do always have cash prepared. It's right across from world bowl so u can bowl first then come after to eat. They are opened until 3am which is good for all those late night hot pot cravings. They also have hot plate rice that u can order. As well as Asian desserts at the end. Their peanut sauce is delicious.
Great variety of buns freshly made.  They have rice combos that taste great! Chicken a la king or the curry one is the one I usually go for.  Good old comfort food.
This place seems to open during odd hours.  The desserts are delicious.  It's a bit overpriced but it tastes good.  Definitely try their mango crepe filled with cream, it's yummy!
This is my favorite place to go to for Vietnamese food in Richmond Hill! Great rice and pho.  The soup base for the pho is consistent, rich and delicious! Food comes quickly.  Great milk and lemon tea as well.
Best bbq pork and char siu, especially the sauce!  They're not very friendly but they are fast and tastes good!
I used to come here for their Gam Ja Tang but now it's mediocre compared to other restaurants.  They also don't offer appetizers.  They also lack items on their menu.
Love their lunch combos, very affordable given the portion sizes and variety.  Comes with free appetizers where you can refill it 4 of them free of charge one time.  Their dinner items are definitely more expensive than the typical korean restaurants I've been to on Yonge/Finch or Bloor. Overall great food and great service!
They have really great lunch menu sets to choose from; Vietnamese, Thai, Malay etc.  Definitely try their specialty drinks such as ice coffee and 3 coloured drink!  They're famous for their curry crab!
Been coming here since my high school days when they were at a different location.  The food is more like fusion of western and HK style.  Portions are huge and delicious! Price is reasonable.
This is one of the nice dim sum place to go to for food presentation.  Their har gow and siu mai are huge and tasty!  Definitely order their famous pineapple char siu (bbq pork) buns.  I also really like their char siu rice that is only available after 11am.  Expect long waits or go early as it's a popular place for dim sum.
Restaurant looks ok and doesn't seem to ever be busy inside but the food is great.  It is affordable for a sushi place.  They taste great but nothing really stands out among the rest of the sushi restaurants.
If you don't want a line up this is the location to go to! Love their roasted milk tea with grass jelly.  I wouldn't get sugar as the grass jelly already has some sweetness to it.
Love their Indian buffet! They have a great variety of vegetarian and meat dishes.  I've only gone during their lunch buffet as it's very affordable to try a little bit of everything! Their butter chicken is the best I've tried compared to other restaurants I've been to.  They do switch the dishes from time to time so sometimes it's a little nice surprise to see more variety.
They have really good breakfast options and variety! The price is affordable as well considering the potions.  Super fast and great service!
A lot of variety of chinese comfort food; rice, noodle, HK style snacks etc.  The prices are affordable and the portions are big.  Definitely try their congee which is what they're famous for.
This place is huge and they have a great selection of Japanese and korean food for the bbq.  Their sushi are below mediocre but  you're really there for the korean bbq which is great!   Their service is mediocre but if you want to go with a big group that's somewhat clean this is the place to go!
Definitely different from the franchise pizza shops.  Thinner crusts, saucy and cheesy, however not so delicious that makes it special.
Small place to have sushi as they do not have many tables.  Their sushi is delicious, especially the spicy salmon roll.  They have affordable sushi sets.
Love this place!  They have vegetarian dim sum items which look interesting but didn't get to try.  I ordered their lunch special item which is "fish" but tasted like oyster.  Inside were bean curds and seaweed sheets wrapped together and deep fried.  We also ordered their small size variety vegetarian "meat" dishes.  There was so much flavor in each dish and it was absolutely delicious!  For two people the lunch only cost $14 after tax!  I usually come here for take out where they have the typical comfort vegetarian dishes like fake pork, fake char siu.  Cheap and fresh!
I ordered the rare beef pho and roti with goat.  The pho was nice, lots of variety of beef (beef, tripe, beef ball).  The soup was not overly salty.  The roti with goat is something I don't see too often in other vietnamese restaurants and every table seemed to order it.  The roti was a bit greasy but the portions were generous.  The goat itself was easy to chew on and the curry sauce was thick but nice.  The service was great and food came quickly (less than 10mins?).  I'd come back if I'm feeling for something different from typical Vietnamese restaurants.
We got one of the tray to share amongst 2 people. It came with 2 miso soup, salad and ice cream in the end.The fish was fresh and I enjoyed tuna and salmon. There was white tuna that was lightly torched, which was a good touch. However, I was not a fan of the shrimp tempura roll... it had a lot of tempura pieces in it that gave it a good crunch but it lacked flavour. Servers were friendly, and the space could be somewhat tight. Good sushi restaurant in the area.
Fire viking roll contained tempura shrimp and topped with shrimp- the roll was wrapped in tin foil and was lit on fire- the rice got soft/ mushy, still a yummy roll with the sauce they had on topSmall sushi/sashimi platter- quite average, wasn't the best sushi I had and wasn't the worstVery friendly staff members, reasonable price Overall decent sushi place to go to
Came on a Saturday night, it was busy and we had to wait 20 minutes-ish for a spot.We ordered the boodoe jigae jeongal (army stew). It comes with sausage, spam, dumplings, rice cakes, noodles, mushrooms and watercress. Tons of stuff, a large portion that can feed 2-3 people. It was spicy and sweet, all rounded great flavour. $35.99, I found it more expensive than other Korean restaurants. Service was OK, you have to flag someone down for anything. Overall, a good Korean restaurant to eat at in Richmond Hill
We ordered the small combination and white dragon roll for 3 people. The sashimi was fresh, however the rice was a bit inconsistent (little bit hard, too much rice vinegar). White dragon roll was yummy. Prices are little bit higher than other sushi restaurants but it was just enough to fill 3 people.Prompt and good service. Spacious and clean restaurant. Overall, it's a good place to eat sushi in Rhill.
Great place to customize your meals! You can ask for mild on the spicy soup base. I've tried their malay laksa (mild) and their peanut sauce (mild) both was very delicious. A rule of thumb with thick broth is to get with thick noodles so the soup can adhere to the noodles!They also serve other food such as rice, wings, and appetizers Reasonable portion size for the price and it also comes with a drink
We ordered the small combo platter for 2 people and it comes with a loooooot of food. It came with a lot of appetizers - soup, salad, spring rolls and noodles which all tasted pretty standard. Most of the sashimi was thick cut and fresh, they even had scallop sashimi in the platter. However, some slices of butter fish was still frozen and was not defrosted yet.... The sushi was good... the sashimi slices were fresh but it did not stick on to the rice and fell off. I was not a fan of the spicy salmon roll, the texture was too mushy for me. Their rolls are large and the tempura was crispy. I really liked the roll, the sauce complemented the maki roll very well. Fast and friendly service, since it wasn't busy when I went. Quality is a little bit above average and portions are bigger than most. Acceptable sushi place to go to if I'm in the area
3.5Scaddabush gives off a dark, casual ambience. What I enjoyed:- Prosciutto fresh mozzarella - this was soooo good. Mozzarella made fresh. The app was sweet, salty and savoury from the prosciutto, bread, and jam. We really loved this app!- Butternut squash ravioli - I enjoyed the different texture in this dish. It has a nice crunch from the walnuts, not too sweet, and was savoury from the sauce. - Toffee cake OK dishes:- butcher pizza - on the drier side, and I was not a fan of the crust. Lots of toppings on the pizza though.- tartufo - meh I thought our meal was a bit pricey. Good service. I would probably only come back for the fresh mozzarella which I thought was the star of our meal.
Came here with a friend and we were seated at the bar.We ordered the assorted sushi, sashimi for $65. Ingredients were fresh - great quality. The serving is kind of small but is expected with the quality you receive. There was a small complementary dessert at the end of meal which was nothing too special. My friend and I left content but definitely still can eat afterwards. Service was friendly and efficient. This is one of the more expensive Japanese restaurant in Markham I have tried but probably one of the better quality ones. The restaurant itself is not too big, quite intimate.
I came here with my sister and mom on a weekday night. There was a few tables occupied but still had lots of seatings available. We were seated immediately and was given the 'menu'. The menu was a photobook which was different than other restaurants. I actually like how it is a photobook, each menu item having a picture to refer to. We ordered the medium sushi/sashimi boat and a uni crab roll. The sushi was fresh and the sushi/sashimi boat had a good variety of sashimi. There was different cuts of tuna and salmon and you can taste the difference between each cut. The uni crab roll had crab meat in it topped with their sauce and slightly torched uni. I wasn't blown away with the roll but it was still good. The meal comes with miso soup, salad and green tea ice cream.The service was great, the waitress came back a few times to fill our water. The portion size offered is good as we left satisfied.
I have to say I was not expecting much but this place blew me away! Small burger joint located on Leslie and just south of 16th ave that offers fresh burgers. It has a simple menu and that's all you need from this place! Their burgers was juicy, not greasy. Patty was cooked perfectly, with a little pink in the center. The bun was soft and the ingredients were fresh. Pickles and onions needs to be asked to be added at no additional cost (everything taste better with onions!!) I like their fresh burger sauce which reminds me of Big Mac sauce but with less relish. They also have other sauces like garlic aioli for additional cost that I would try next time. A combo order comes with fries and drinks. The drink selection is quite large - you can pick from pop juice or water and there was a lot of different drinks to choose from. I had a poutine upgrade for $2.99 and their poutine was disappointing. It had good serving size, loaded with gravy and cheese but it was way too salty. I couldn't finish the poutine due to the saltiness of it. The staff was friendly and the place itself had limited seatings. In front they had a tray of seasonings and condiments. It even has Cajun seasoning which made their fries more flavourful. I give the burger 5/5 but because of the unbearable saltiness of the poutine, i'd have to rate Fresh Burger an overall of 4/5. Their fresh burger for $5.59 is reasonable price for the quality you're getting. Definitely coming back for their burgers!!
We wanted to try some pizza other than the franchise ones. We dined in instead of takeout.Special pizza - crust was not too thick and not too thin. Super cheesy and good amount of toppings. Not really sure if it's that special to be $18 for a small. Fried panzerotto with pepperoni and a side of tomato sauce. Tomato sauce on the side is $1.50. Panzerotto was huge! Loaded with cheese and meat. I enjoyed the sauce on the side but my boyfriend said the panzerotto was yummy enough without the sauce. Service was OK, kind of slow. The dine-in area is on the smaller side. Large windows made the area seems larger. Definitely coming back for their foods but do take-out instead. Prices were different when we dined-in than take out.
The restaurant is hidden in the shops area with plenty of parking in front (same plaza as the supermarket). I ordered the combination tofu and it comes with lots of tofu, topped with one mussel, one shrimp and some beef. You can choose the spice level. I like how they serve you purple rice that is cooked in a hot stone pot. The broth has a mellow flavour due to the tofu.Friendly staff that offered great service
I ordered the hokkaido ramen. Decent noodles and decent broth, but the broth isn't as flavourful as I am use it. The chasui that came with the ramen was flavourful but was kind of dry. It was also decent portion size, I still had room to eat a little bit more.The service was good, the waitress filled our water a couple of times but the food took a while to come. Overall it is an ok place to come to if you're in the area, but I would probably hit up other ramen restaurants in Markham.
The only thing that keeps me coming back here is probably their beer. They have a good selection of beer that can cater to those who like light to dark taste. They brew their own beers so you can expect some special flavours every month or so. Their food is ok, kind of overpriced. I've tried their burgers, calamari, beer battered maxi fries and nachos. I would order their burgers again, which tasted pretty good and it is good portion size. I would also order their beer battered maxi fries again. They are fresh and super crispy; can't compare them to the regular fries. The fries would be the best to order for their value and if you're looking for something to munch on while chatting with your friendsThe place is spacious and they have a patio that you can enjoy in the summer.
It is a small restaurant with limited seating. We ordered the salmon platter which was salmon focused. It comes with 2 handroll (choice of crispy or salmon), 2 seaweed salad or green salad, and 2 miso soup and 2 ice cream.They prepared salmon in different ways (torched, deep fried with tempura) with different cuts of salmon. There was deep fried tempura battered salmon skin, and salmon belly cut. The platter had spicy salmon roll and a shrimp tempura roll topped with salmon. Overall it was interesting having a salmon focused platter, prepared in different ways. The platter is meant for 2 people with all the extra stuff it comes with. Serving size was perfect for 2 people and all the salmon was fresh.
Service was good, Seafood soup ($10) was decent, but definitely not worth the price for the size (small). Wakame salad was pretty good ($6). Ika Sashimi (squid) did not taste fresh and was nothing special at all compare to other sushi places.
Good food, shawarma is pretty good when they cut it fresh and not from the one that they pre cut ahead of time. Hamburgers are great, good topping selection. Service is not professional or good at all. Parking is also very brutal, would go back once in a blue moon.
Best pho in town and the cleanest pho restaurant I've ever seen!!. Been eating there since they opened, sucks that they stopped serving the beef roll appetizer (it was amazing) but still go there at least a couple times a week for the pho :)
Sushi and everything on the menu is incredible! Probably one the best in Richmond hill. Only big minus is the service.
Been eating here for over 10 years, was my favourite spot! when the previous owners sold years ago the restaurant went downhill big time!! I don't mind paying top dollar for good sushi but this place is not worth the money at all. I use to dine in and get take out at least once a week ($200 worth of take-out for my family) and when i would come pick up the food and ask for some spicy mayo they actually had the decency to charge me for some hot sauce(pretty sad). Don't go there anymore , much better options in Richmond Hill.
Great food, always get the pineapple chicken, pad thai (the best in town!) and the calamari satay. Biggest issue is the parking and that they only accept cash! If you're planning on having a beer or a drink don't bother, find another place because they don't serve alcohol.
We've come here for dinner a few years ago and decided to try lunch. My mom heard/read about the XO beef fried rice noodle (XO 乾炒牛河being good so we got that. The noodles were good in that they weren't oily or too moist but the beef was spottily marinated and she got one that was overly salty. We also tried the baked pork chop tomato sauce rice (茄汁焗豬扒飯) and the sauce was too think and by the time it got to our table it had coagulated with a film on top. Not very appetizing based on looks alone and the flavour was better at 澳門街. My spam and egg sandwich was ok but the bread was very dry. Golden Phoenix has much better bread. Milk tea wasn't strong enough (watered down) and the iced lemon tea was average. Pretty average HK style cafe.
We've passed by this place for quite some time now but have never dropped in to try it out. We were happy we did!  Like other Yelpers and friends, we really liked the house-made fresh mozzarella. We had an early dinner so we couldn't try the honey and truffle cream infused burrata. Instead, we opted for the prosciutto one. It was served with crostini, sea salt, prosciutto and fig jam. The flavours were very nice. Our server was bang on with the dish sizes. We explained how we weren't big eaters so she suggested that we order the small size for everything. We had 4 adults and a preschooler.  Our Cesar salad was tasty and not overly dressed which was nice. I dislike those goopy, heavy salads at some restaurants. The lettuce was fresh and crispy (no bitter leaves to be found). We also had the pomodoro pizza. Love the scissors that it is served with. Makes cutting a piece to your liking easy. The crust was light and airy and the toppings flavoured just right.  My mother did mention that by the second piece, the crust was overly greasy though and she was right. Our pesto chicken pasta was perfectly cooked as well!  We also had a spaghetti with meatball, also yummy. Both pasta dishes had left overs as we were stuffed. We will be looking forward to our next visit and hopefully we'll get to try the burrata!
Love love love their Ruelo cake.  It's a delicious cake with layers of decadent chocolate mousse, vanilla cream, a praline wafer and chocolate sponge cake.  It truly is to die for.  Other yummy flavours include their green tea cake with red bean, passion fruit mousse, and mango almond.  We've tried their macarons but we still haven't found a place in the GTA that compares to Paris!!!
The decor in this restaurant is nice and modern with a huge fish tank with some interesting fish in it.  The wait staff is friendly and prompt.  The food is wonderful as well!  We really like the chicken curry with roti.  The roti is sweet and yummy.  There's enough curry to order more roti or rice to go with it.  We also like the chow kuay teow (basically fried flat rice noodles with shrimp, egg, and sausage).  It tastes even better with the curry sauce on it.  Other favourites include the satay skewers, eggplant with minced chicken, garlic chinese broccoli, and pineapple fried rice.  For drinks the mango lychee freeze and hot milk tea are amazing!
We went there thinking it was very good based on the Yelp reviews.  The feel of the restaurant is almost a fast food/take-out delivery ambiance with a sit down area. It's nicely decorated with very friendly staff.  The arugula salad was yummy as were the pizzas, however the crust wasn't the thin crust we were hoping for (kinda bland too).  We were talked into getting the fresh spaghetti but it was VERY al dente.  Very undercooked.
We've gone here many times and raved about how good the Mango Supreme was .  We are a bit disappointed today as we told our friends and suggested we go there for dessert.  Very disappointing as the sesame rice balls were too doughy and hard and the mango supreme was rancid!  If this was the first time I would definitely not go back.  Not sure if we'll go back now either... :(  Too bad.  It was one of our favourite dessert places!
Tonight was my first time trying this Nak Won location. It took about 30 minutes to get our side dishes and an hour to get our meal. The table behind us left and didn't get cleaned until 30 minutes later and table in front of us started to serve themselves in terms of getting water and cups. When the food got here, I was really impressed with the portion of my jajangmyun which cost 7.99. The service could have been slow due to low staff or because it's Saturday night but still not acceptable. They have a call button at each table but don't bother pressing it because they don't pay attention to it.
I love coming here for lunch because they have different lunch combos everyday and portions are very good! With the lunch menu you get coffee/ tea, soup (either cream soup or borsch) and garlic bread on top of your meal. You can replace your soup with salad for an additional dollar.I've come here so much to the point I purchased a VIP card for $5 to get 10% off my meals for as long as the restaurant is opened. Definitely recommend this restaurant for a nice Hong Kong styled meal. I usually have some sort of pasta when I come here.
In a rush? This is your place for quick and tasty wonton!I've been coming here for years as the wonton is so delicious, massive (lots of shrimp!) and very reasonably priced. Their wontons are clearly their specialty however you can opt for beef balls, fish balls, etc. You can also choose to have egg noodles, vermicelli, rice noodles with your soup or none at all! It gets very busy around lunch time so sometimes they ask if you mind sharing a table to accommodate all guests.Tea and water is also self-served at the back.
I strongly think this is a hidden gem in Richmond Hill and would highly recommend it for Thai food. I had Pad Woon Sen (good) and "Mussamun" Curry Beef Brisket (amazing!!)I am eating my leftovers from last night and I am still drooling over the brisket.They also do takeout and have ample of parking as it is in a commercial plaza.
Every weekend seems to be a debate with my family about where to eat to suit my dad's frugality. We tend to always eat at Congee Wong or Richmond court because of the large portions for the low cost. Ultimately, we decided to go to Dicken's cafe but in the same Richlane Mall, we passed by this restaurant. The lunch menu immediately caught our eyes. For $6.25, there is a list of dishes available such as shanghai noodles, curry beef brisket and fried rice with beef and garlic along with the choice of tea, coffee, water or a pop.For the low of cost, the portions were large enough to share and pretty decent! As a bonus, the whole table also got a house special soup (wintermelon and pork soup) to share. It was a nice change of environment (although not the fanciest) and probably the biggest criticism is their loud fan or machinery noise that seems to be running for hours on end.
From what I heard, the prices for Rodizio (all you can eat) from the restaurant opening to end of May was $39.75. The fixed prices are now Mon-Wed 39.75 and 43 dollars Thurs-Sun. Keep in mind, this place also offers A La Carte for those who aren't the all you can eat type.Coming on a Monday night, it was pretty quiet so reservations I made were not needed.Service was excellent throughout (the waitress even refolded my napkin as I left to grab appetizers).The appetizers area is bigger than Copa Cabana's when comparing the two but nothing really stood out.In terms of the meat cuts, there were equal amount of hits and misses. In terms of misses, I just felt like some cuts were dry and bland. Was looking forward for bacon wrapped filet mignon but alas, they had bacon wrapped chicken. They also didn't have cheese prime rib which is another favorite of mine.Meat cuts were obviously different than Copa Cabana's but one major criticism is that I didn't understand or hear what some of the servers were calling out as they came to my table. Had to ask to repeat and it would have been better if they had a list of meat cuts like Copa has on their call card (card showing yes/no to serving)All in all, I prefer Copa Cabana by a long stretch and I feel like it's more authentic there with occasional flamingo dancers and live music. Although my rating reads 4 stars, it's really a 3.5/5.One cool thing about this place is the iPad wine menu and they definitely have excellent customer service. Very efficient and prompt staff. The dessert menu, not part of rodizio, looks really good too but I was too full to order anything.
Hosted my company's Christmas party at Turtle Jack's and I'm really satisfied with how the staff took care of us.We (27 people) were given our own semi closed off area with a tv and felt right at home with good food and good company while watching the leafs game (boo leafs! Go Habs go!). The manager was super kind to hook us up with two free veggie nachos and I truly appreciate his customer service. As a meal, I had the shepherd's pie from the seasonal menu and found it filling and great for the price. I highly suggest Turtle Jack's as an alternative to the crowded hwy7&404 crowded plaza as there is quite a variety of food on the menu and there are ample parking spots!
It's the second time I've been here but this time I really got the chance to enjoy my food and order what I wanted. I opted for the Coconut curry (does not come with rice), the Indonesian fried rice and Penang char kuay teow. I typically don't eat spicy however I gave everything a shot as is and it was just amazing. We shared our meals to sample every dish and the only thing my party and I agreed on is the fact that the coconut curry did not have much/any coconut taste to it at all.Price is very reasonable for the portion and there is such a variety to the menu. I often hear comparison between this place and Thai Basil across the street and I have to say other than the curry at Restoran Malaysian, the two are pretty neck and neck. Both a win in my opinion.
A newish place for good HK style milk tea, free wifi, and chill.  Nothing foo foo here, you order at the counter, grab your teas to-go or find a table to sit at, very efficient service, if not overly warm.  Milk teas come in several sizes, with sample size cups clearly displayed by the cash register.  Like!Parking is usually available.  Overall, same quality as the original Marathon Cafe at Finch-Midland, more spacious and easier access.
One of the better dim sum places in Richmond Hill / Markham Hwy 7 corridor.  Dim Sum Style -- you order from a dim sum menu, no push carts, which is what I prefer.  On weekends, additional items that are not on the menu will be brought out by the staff on trays; you pick what you like.Quality and Selection -- all traditional items are there.  Quality has been fairly consistent and good, always fresh and every dim sum dish made-to-order.  Har Gaw (steamed shrimp dumplings), shrimp rice rolls, "pineapple" buns with BBQ pork filling, and siu mai (steamed pork dumplings) are all good.Service -- nothing specially great or bad, befitting a place like this.Keep this on the to-go list? -- YES
A Hong Kong style Chinese dessert shop usually offers herbal, or tea-based, or fruity, or essence jelly type items that are supposed to be good for your health and balance out the sins otherwise.  And they usually open late, so the idea is to go late at night after a full dinner, eat more but this time the "healthy" dessert which will help restore your body harmony.  I don't know if I believe all these, but I am happy to eat desserts.  After eating way way too much at dinner and lots of spicy crabs, we came here to detox.  Essence jelly was A-okay, you can get it with sesame paste or other sweet soupy things which help mask bitterness of the Essence.  I had a sampling of what others had ordered, all pretty good but none really memorable.  Worth going if you are in the area.
Like the name implies, this place serves up a few dishes from here and there across south-east Asia. Reminds me of eating through Malaysia, Singapore, and Vietnam. Tried a Vietnamese noodle (spicy beef rice noodle soup, Bun Bo Hue) and a curry with Roti -- both are very good. I deducted one star for not having Singaporean pepper crab or curry crab, or curry fish head soup. Not enough Thai dishes either.
A must-go place if you like Hong Kong style wonton noodle soup.  Sister restaurant is Hong Kong is ranked on of the best.From your second trip and onward, you won't need a menu: -- Pick the topping: shrimp wonton or fish balls or beef balls or any of the two or all three -- Pick the noodles: skinny chewie Cantonese type, or rice noodles, if you don't like soupy noodles, order Lo Mein so you get broth on the side You can get the topping without the noodles, too. I usually get a bowl of shrimp wontons in broth. Be warned, each wonton is the size of a baby's fist, and you get 6 in one order! Super fast and efficient service (tea is self-serving), no ambiance but that's not what you should be going there for. Cash Only
Another good, not great, Cantonese seafood restaurant that's opened about a month ago. Prices very reasonable, cash only. We ordered one of the combo dinners for 6 people; for $69.99 you get a lot of food: -- soup of the day (typical Cantonese homemade soup, pretty good) -- One large Vancouver crab (you pick the cooking style, including ginger-onion stir fry, HK style spicy, etc. The one we had was meaty and flavourful) -- Steamed whole fish -- beef spare ribs, Korean style -- stir fried Chinese greens with garlic -- stewed Chinese eggplant and shrimp in a clay pot -- crispy-fried chicken (1/2 of a chicken, at least) Service was kinda slow. All the wait staff were running around looking super busy, but I can't help feeling being ignored. Under-staffed?
To get typical Hong Kong style desserts, this place is as good as it gets in GTA. The place doesn't open until late afternoon/early evening, "busy time" is 9pm and later. Not much ambiance, but cozy and comfortable. The English menu is quite challenging to negotiate with because of the translation, so go with someone who knows what to order to take a few minutes to "study" the menu. + There is the soupy paste-y category -- basically there are walnut, almond, sesame varieties; you can combo them up by mixing any of the two or all three, adding glutinous rice flour balls with sesame filing to the paste/soup is another option. Just note this is described as "sweet ball" in the English menu. + There is the whole mango series, from pudding to jello to pancake, everything made fresh (you see boxes upon boxes of mangoes stacked up in the store). Oh, you can also get pancake with durian fillings, the "king of the fruit" you either love or hate. + There is also double-boiled milk and egg white mixture type of desserts, probably uniquely Hong Kong. I don't remember the exact names of the various dishes, some have more milk vs. others have more egg whites, but all are good. Some of the dishes can be consumed hot or cold, if unsure, asked the owner/chef-looking guy who is always willing to help and give you a recommendation.
One of the best Cantonese Chinese restaurants in GTA. I don't get the "Fusion" in its name; the food is pure Chinese and mostly Cantonese. The decor is clean and not too "loud' for a Chinese restaurant, but distinctively Chinese. + Peking Duck is THE best + Live fish, always steamed to perfect done-ness regardless of size or type of fish + If (live) scallops in the shells are available, another must-try + Good Dim Sum selection and quality. The only downside for my friends who prefer push-cart style service is that you have to order from a menu. But that's been the way to serve Dim Sum in most GTA places for years and years now. Hit this place when you want good Cantonese.
People who enjoy Malaysian food know it is more than one distinction of food due to multi-ethnic population of the country. I am glad TO has this one that specializes in Nyonya dishes and a little bit of everything else from around Malaysia. I am still on search for a good Malay restaurant and an authentic Malaysian Indian place. + Satay appetizer is ok, meat has good texture and seasoning, I didn't like the sauce (too sweet) + Nyonya Fried Chicken, marinated with belachan (yum, the famous shrimp sauce/paste) and fried to crispy perfection + Ikan Penang Gulai Nyonya, fish fillet in a mild curry sauce with veggies. This is supposed to be a mild curry, but their version is just too mild. + Shrimp in Sambal Tumis Kampung sauce, much stronger flavour, the shrimp paste and the spices and chili are well balanced. + Roti Pisang for dessert - Roti stuffed with banana and drizzled with sweet condensed milk. What's not to like. Will be back to try other dishes.
Curry crabs are totally yummy and worth the trip all by itself. But the other dishes are great too - the sour/spicy fish soup, BBQ-ed oysters, lamb chops, and stir fried morning glory when in season. Oh, can forget to order the fresh bread to mop up the curry sauce, or the Vietnamese style coffee. Services are not bad, but sometimes you get a waiter/waitress who tries a little too hard to up-sell. Just smile and ignore and stick to what you want to order. No, definitely not a place to order Pho, that should be left to one of the many Pho restaurants in Toronto.
Gorgeous cakes and some of the best macarons I've tasted in GTA. Similar to La Bamboche, this place rocks the Ginza-meets-St. Germain fusion style sweets, with a few Japanese ingredients thrown in for added twist (and a whole lot of yumminess). For example, you can get green tea mousse with red bean paste cake, or wasabi grapefruit macaron. Favourite cake - THE Ruelo, it's dark chocolate mousse and crispy praline and vanilla creme brulee all in one cake! Need I say more? Favourite macarons - balsamic vinegar, wasabi with grapefruit, and lavender. One complaint - why is the store hidden/tucked inside a Chinese strip mall waaaaay up in Markham?  If this type of east-meets-west patisserie can be well appreciated by Parisians (Sadaharu Aoki of this genre is considered one of the top patisseries in Paris by Parisians), why not making it more accessible to more Torontonians?
Richmond Hill local here. This place is one of (if not the best) dim sum places in town...may be be slightly pricier than a couple of the other top joints but their dim sum game is definitely ON POINT emperor fine chinese cuisine and golden court are the other places you might wanna check out if price is a concern but they are also fantastic  ... they are the top 3 kingpins for dim sum in richmond hilledit: on second thought, price at golden court is prolly on the same level with this place ... emperor fine chinese cuisine is the go-to if ur budget is tight!4.5/5 stars
went here again for birthday and would have to upgrade my prev rating to 4.5 stars out of 5. Absolutely amazing service and food.
my go-to for viet food in richmond hill... best pho in town .. something ppl dnt know is that the owners split off from kim po and founded this place... kim po got more expensive while this place stayed cheaper for a while... now they are about the same price ... this place still gives larger portions than kim po and better quality imo ... big fan of the curry and vermicelli dishes as well
Best dim sum in richmond hill. More expensive than golden court, premier ballroom (diu yu toi) and emperor but the quality is there. BEWARE though. Without a reservation don't even bother cuz even if u have one you'll still have to wait a good period of time. The wait time is a nightmare because the restaurant is sooo packed. In fact, they hired their own parking instruction guys to direct traffic lol. The parking lot is also a nightmare because its a one way parking lot and a ton of drivers dont obey the one way signs. Thankfully it's connected to an adjacent lot that has much more parking. The pork in the siu mai is ground by hand in the kitchen as opposed to being ground by machine (tastes much more tender and fresh). I thought the har gao (shrimp dumpling) couldve had a thinner rice crepe; the shrimp was really good. They offer oxtail as an item which is rare (only other place I rmbr having it was Gold Mark in markham). The bbq pork bun with pineapple topping is a MUST TRY (for all you ppl foreign to dim sum). Also the bbq pork with rice (the bbq pork at this place is amazing, trust). The curry octopus was mediocre. I've had much better. It tasted like the octopus was drenched in watered down sriracha. Try the honey glazed beef spare ribs. Those are bomb as well. Yea so check this place out. It's slightly more expensive than any other place in richmond hill but the quality is there. And REMEMBER TO MAKE YOUR RESERVATION otherwise "i told you so".
If u come here, u come for one thing only. THE BEST WONTON NOODLE SOUP IN RICHMOND HILL (possibly anywhere). Ive been frequenting this place since i was a child. the pricing has inflated ever, ever so slightly from 20 yrs ago but hey ppl gotta make a living right? every bowl is meticulously made the exact same way with no shortcuts and the wontons simply CANT BE BEAT. they are huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuge and made right in front of ur eyes ... p.s. their beef noodle soup is awesome as well but the big must-try is definitely the wonton noodle soup.... tea and water is self-serve btw
Pork cutlet curry ramen folks! TRUST. Big slab of pork katsu (with its own little tonkatsu dipping sauce) and the curry broth was actually realllllly tasty. It wont blow your mind like sansotei or santouka but still very flavorful.Out of all the times I came, I never once received an egg that was overcooked (it was always liquid gold). So I guess some reviewers got unlucky with slightly overcooked eggs in their ramen.The noodles were nice and firm, just the way I like it. Good springiness and chewy. The pork is normally very good. On two of my visits, my cutlet was slightly overdone (but really good crunch).A bowl here will set you back $11-13. Pretty similar to what most legit ramen shops charge nowadays. I crush the curry broth to the last drop every time. Fair warning. The place is quite small and the owner's wife is the sole waitress AND cashier, not to mention shes SUPER FRIENDLY. She does front of the house while he cooks in the back. Very cozy mom and pop shop that actually makes very decent ramen imo. Get that pork cutlet curry ramen!
So ive been here a couple of times now and i must say that this place is overrated. The first time i tried this place it was above average (not bad). Each successive time ive gone, however, the foods been tasting more and more bland. In fact, the most recent time i went (got the braised beef noodle soup) my bowl of noodles was ridiculous. Unfortunately i forgot to take pics otherwise u guys would see what i was talking about. I got 2 pieces of beef and lots of noodle in my bowl. The only thing that seemed to have a bit of seasoning was the beef. Everything else tasted bland as hell. my noodles tasted like the chef had forgotten to shake the water off before putting in the soup. Said soup felt like it had been diluted a lot. Maybe it was just a busier day than all the other times i went but then again, food quality should always stay consistent (bad service i can let slide more often). all in all this place is decent for grabbing a quick bite but ive prolly drawn the line to stop returning as my taste buds seem to require richer flavours. You can definitely taste the freshness of the noodles though (proper springiness and bite), so at least that's a plus.
decided to give this place a second try to redeem itself. First time around i came with a bunch of friends and me and another friend ordered ribs and sweet potato fries. the fries were good but the ribs were STONE COLD throughout for both of us! most of my friends got wings so i tried theirs and it was ok.  waiter was nice enough to get us fresh ribs.  So on my second visit i went with the ribs again (just to see if i got unlucky the first time) while my friend got wings. as bad luck would have it, i was given cold ribs AGAIN! told the waitress and she gave me real attitude.  this is my first ever bad review for a restaurant and i felt compelled to write it without any ulterior motive because the food is just not up to par or consistent at all with other barbecue joints in richmond hill
So growing up in richmond hill my family used to always get chinese bbq from here. That is, until we discovered Excellent BBQ at richlane mall. Make no mistake folks, kum hong is amazing but it isn't the crème de la crème aka cream of the crop! Excellent BBQ is simply a cut above with their meats (pun intended). If you think this place is the best chinese bbq in the area go on over and try excellent bbq RIGHT NOW. In the meantime, i've come back to kum hong for a couple of recent visits (for nostalgia's sake) and it is absolutely deserving of its 4 stars. Just Not The Best Though =P ... and this is coming from a dude who eats chinese bbq once every week minimum lol. Cheers!
Been a loyal customer here ever since they opened. I  only get one thing when I come. ALL YOU CAN EAT BBQ RIBS! nomnomnom ... they used to have AYCE ribs on sundays AND wednesdays but now only wednesdays so keep that in mind folks. While they dnt offer side ribs anymore (only back ribs), the ribs are still as awesome as ever! Back in the day they had 3 bbq sauces u could pick for ur ribs. Now they have 6 but i still prefer the original 3 after trying them all. The sauces are texas bold, honey garlic, apple butter, chipotle honey, tangy peach and pomegranate-something.  Personally, apple butter and texas bold are my fave.Anyways, my most recent visit was a pleasant one.  Our server Micah was attentive, quick and helpful (especially since i inquired her heavily about the beer specials =P).Ribs were succulent, tender and fall off the bone as always.  The cajun corn and pot roast soup were my fave sides back in the day. Quality of the corn seems to have stayed the same but the pot roast soup's quality has gone down (too many potatoes, not enough meat). Nevertheless, i polished off a ton of bones!Prices have obviously gone up since the deal came into fruition. Back in the day, the AYCE ribs deal was 19.99. Now it's 25.99 but imo well worth it for good bbq!Oh yea, almost forgot, with the AYCE ribs u get unlimited sides and soups too. Cheers!
This papa changs franchise is nice. Small shop but very clean. I like the idea of the combos. One improvement I would suggest is putting some soup noodles in the combo section. I wanted a drink with my meal but all the combos are rice dishes. That being said, the food tastes good. No stinky tofu smell which I appreciate a lot seeing as it IS a taiwanese place. Service was polite and efficient. The prices are very standard for richmond hill.  The bbq chicken pancake thing my friend ordered was sooooo delicious. The popcorn chicken is not bad. I think I've tasted better.
Oh how the mighty have fallen.  Sighh....has it been that long since I last ate here?  What the f*** happened?  Under old management this place used to be the 2nd best hotpot joint in richmond hill behind hipot (which perma-closed recently for reasons unknown 'sniffle* sniffle*').  As a matter of fact, these guys would definitely be getting 4 stars from me if it was still under old managementThe variety of sauce and food as well as the broths are actually very good here (plenty of condiments).  HOWEVER, depending what items you order, you may not receive fresh stuff.  My mom has an iron stomach and she puked after consuming some of the fish cakes and tofu.  Possible cutting of food standards by new management?The service is what REALLY irks me.  The new owner (and also some of the waiters) have NO business serving customers.  Jesus Christ.  After reading some of my fellow yelpers reviews I see a lot of ppl agreeing with me about this new owner and said staff.  He gives you attitude as you are being seated.  Seriously, I don't even put THAT much emphasis on service when I rate a restaurant but these guys bark at you if you even ask questions about the menu and act like they hate life!  Is it too much to smile or answer questions politely when customers ask about stuff?  Rude establishments are a dime a dozen but this new staff really takes the cake and FORCED my hand at making a review to blast them.tl;dr,  FOOD - 3.5/5   SERVICE - 0/5
for the most part, i agree with some people claiming they got weird servers. I was a customer of this swiss back when it was right next to nandos further north on yonge street. ur experience can really be different based on which server u get.Anyways, food quality is prtty standard for what you would normally get at a swiss. No mishaps on that end. Their side ribs are way better than their back ribs, i will say that.Pricing has shot up considerably since they moved from their old location. I rmbr when a quarter chicken dinner used to be 6.99 or 7.99. Now it's around $10. Still a solid place for a meal if ur not trying to judge/rate overall experience.
very impressed! my friends and i simply ordered 4 maßkrugs (1 litre varlet) - as we had already eaten lunch - and had a great time. I will be returning for food next time and have heard that the pulled pork sandwich is excellent. Updated review coming soon.
ahhh so frustrating to write this review. Where do I start, service was awesome the first time we came here. Second and third time, not so much. Most of their dishes are actually really tasty. The rice dishes probably give you the best bang for your buck. In terms of viet flavor this place is legit. What makes this review frustrating is the portion sizes. As I said, the rice dishes are probably the most satisfying for what you pay. The pho broth tastes awesome (minimal MSG if none at all) but the whole bowl lacks a LOT of proteins in my opinion. If I order a L or XL pho I expect it to have lots of toppings. What I received was tons of noodles and not much else. The beef melted in your mouth however, so that was a plus. The curry and beef stew dishes... ughhhh so infuriatingly good, but suuuuch small portions and totally not worth the price. All in all, get a rice dish if you only wanna order one thing and get full.  Otherwise, be prepared to hit up Mc D's after your meal.Final verdict? Amazing flavor, hit-or-miss service and frustratingly pricey for what you get.
My friends and I used to come here for lunch quite a bit in high school so we established "regulars" status of sorts.. In that sense I can't be objecive about service cuz we were treated quite well. We tried different items from time to time but generally stuck to several core dishes. I know the chiu chow style duck is a specialty here but it's better when served at night so we don't get it during lunch. Anyways, the core dishes we usually get are the fukien fried rice, the raw egg drop on minced beef with rice, satay beef with flat rice noodles and the chiu chow style oyster congee. All the dishes here have rustic charm. Atmosphere at lunch is really quiet. At nighttime this place is LOUD and usually packed.If theres one dish you gotta try its the fukien fried rice! REALLY good surprisingly. Not many places do a good one.My friend came back from cali to visit me and bought some takeout from this joint. Ahhhhh the nostalgia.
Don't even bother coming here unless its for afternoon tea. First time I came here I would've awarded a 3 star. After coming here numerous times I think they deserve a 2.  Here's my rationale.I've tried half of the items on the afternoon tea menu and found that the only thing they did right was the braised beef brisket rice noodle soup. Everything else was mediocre. The first time I had it, it was awesome with a generous amount of beef and a nice complement of veggies.  Each successive time I got it, the portion just seemed to get smaller and smaller. Don't get me wrong, it's still the best item on the menu, but depending on how the chef feels that day you might get more/less portion-wise.Now the reason why I go for afternoon tea only is because they have a deal where you can add a dollar to your order to tack on either curry fish balls, spring rolls, spicy tofu, french fries OR garden salad. Here is where it gets interesting. The tofu is actually the hidden gem in all of this. It blew my mind how good this tofu was (its not spicy at all to be honest so idk why they call it 'spicy tofu') but it was so well-fried, crispy and flavorful. You get 6 pieces for one order. I think nowadays, whenever I'm thinking of going somewhere near my house for afternoon tea, I consider this place JUST because of the tofu seeing as the soup noodle is inconsistent most of the time. In fact, the tofu is so good its the only reason I'd consider giving a 3 star rating for this place.Service is pretty meh. They just hired a new trainee (its an old guy who's hard of hearing) and he's just learning the ropes but friendly. The other waitress is pretty forgetful cuz she always seems to forget something whenever shes in charge of our order. Verdict: Come here for a cheap, afternoon tea meal - get the braised beef brisket noodle soup and ADD THE TOFU to your meal for $1. Get anything else and hear the virtual me saying "I told you so".
Really good a la carte sushi. The rolls were fabulous (lots of filling not too much rice) and the sashimi nice and fresh. Don't come with large groups as service might be hit or miss.As with all a la carte places, the food is expensive and this place is no different. Obviously you're getting better quality food but if you're all about value then possibly think twice. However, I'd recommend you to try this place at least once!
dunno why it took me this long to write a review for this restaurant but anyways, it's all about the soup noodle customization (place boasts no MSG, supposedly) ive tried everything on the menu like twice each and my go to soup bases are peanut chili or malay laksa ... the fish soup is quite good too .... fave side dishes are the pan fried teriyaki chickn and deep fried pork chop ... also, did i mention these guys make fantastic milk tea? at least imo it was surprisingly good ... if u like a big bowl of noodles with veggies and meat of your choice then u need to try this place
Came for lunch buffet yesterday. Not quite sure how much it costed, but less than $20 after tax per person. It was my first time at The Host after almost a decade, so I wasn't quite sure how it worked. We weren't given any menus, so we assumed that the only option was the lunch buffet (no obvious signs as to how much that costed, or whether that was the only choice). We just kinda followed everyone else into the food room.They had most of my favorite Indian foods (curry goat, butter chicken, palak paneer, tandoori chicken, etc), as well as some I hadn't tried before (kale pakoras, and a whole ton that I can't name for the life of me) that were also tasty. The quality of the food was good and the food was hot and fresh. I'd consider coming again. I was so stuffed after eating lunch here that I didn't really need to have dinner!
Hello, Yelp. I've missed you. I know it's only been a few days, but it's nice to be writing again, especially cuz I know I've got a few backlogged reviews. Bayview Kitchen has been around quite a while. While this is not my first time eating here, It's been quite a while since I've come. This time, we ordered takeout for Grandma's house.Their seafood fried rice looks very plain. Rice base wasn't very tasty. Not much seafood. If you like plain rice, this is good for you. Portion was fairly large though.Their beef and veggie hor fun was also generous in portion. There wasn't enough wok heat to char the hor fun the way I like it. Not smokey enough. The veggies were fresh. I can't comment on the beef, because Chinese sliced beef (and most pork) makes me sad. It's not meat textured or meat flavored, but is supposedly meat. While this is culturally accepted, I am not a fan of the flavor or the texture, so I'd rather just not eat it. Their red braised tofu (forgive my poor attempt at translating. Probably more of a braised tofu and veggie esque thing on their menu) was more veggie than tofu, which was fairly disappointing. I expect random veggies to buff up the portions in Chinese dishes, but the fewer there are, the more pleased I will be. If it's more filler veg than the main item I wanted, it'd be lovely if the menu item read "filler veg with tofu" instead of tofu with (filler) veg. End of rant. I have to say, though, that one of the filler veg items was baby corn, and it was the giant version of baby corn. Sort of an oxymoron here, but baby corn is usually fairly skinny, and has tiny little kernels. This was more like mini corn on the cob, except that you could eat the cob part too. I'll probably be back for convenience's sake, but I won't be ordering these three dishes again.
Oh the memories. Until I came last week, my most recent visit to Restoran Malaysia was like 10 years ago. We celebrated my grandfather's birthday then. I still remember having the Gado-Gado from that visit. We came for lunch last Wednesday. There were a surprising number of people here, but in a good way. Service was good. Heads up, tea is $0.50/person, I think... We ordered 3 lunch specials and the Gado-Gado (appetizer). The waitress asked if we wanted to do the dinner portions for an additional $2 each because those were larger. We declined. I'm glad we did, because each of the lunch portions was very large. If those are only lunch portions, I can only imagine how large the dinner portions are.The Gado-Gado is almost like a slaw of jicama, cucumber, bean sprouts and perhaps other things, and sliced hard boiled eggs covered in the most delicious sweet peanut sauce. This is served with a side of shrimp chips. I greatly appreciate them serving the shrimp chips on the side so they wouldn't get soggy. Also a good portion for $7. Definitely shareable among the 4 of us. The Pad Thai ($8), while tasty, was not particularly unique (not that it should have been or had to be). I liked how it was served with lime wedges and orange slices though.The Hainanese Chicken Rice ($7.50) was boneless. The chicken was juicy and flavorful. The rice was yellow. This is important. Hainanese Chicken Rice is supposed to have rice flavored with chicken drippings. Many places get this wrong. Restoran Malyasia got it right. It was also served with chicken soup, ginger and green onion sauce, and a spicy sweet sauce.The Nasi Goreng ($8) was a chicken and shrimp fried rice with what I'm guessing was shrimp/crab paste, topped with a fried egg and served with a few shrimp chips. There was a good amount of chicken, shrimp, and veggies in the rice. The shrimp in this and in the Pad Thai were not dinky little shrimps. These were surprisingly nice shrimps. I think this was Grandpa's favorite dish. Quite flavorful, this one.If I lived closer, I'd be here all the time for lunch.
Came tonight with a large party. We occupied the entire second floor. Two servers for 100 people, and the servers weren't always there. Ordered in what looked like a storage room with a register. Pay when order. Mandatory tip of either 12 or 18 percent. Can't remember. Don't want to do the math. My $4.99 homo milk tea with tapioca/grass and egg jelly size small. $6.35 after tax and mandatory tip. I didn't even get any service. I got shuttled around and I picked up my drink in a takeout cup. I did not get tissue either... They also got my drink wrong. I asked for grass jelly and egg jelly. I got tapioca and grass jelly. I would have told them, but they took my receipt, and there were a zillion people there waiting on their orders. I had friends who waited more than 30 minutes for their bubble tea order. Not cool. I'm also a tad concerned about the way the female server dressed. Um... Crop top? Where does one carry a tray? Somewhere close to exposed skin I'm assuming she doesn't wash as frequently as her hands. Not a germophobe, but I would expect a uniform slightly less casual if I'm paying that much for my drink.
It's still on the more expensive side, and I've definitely had better bang for my buck, but this time was alright. I bought a mango mochi (the other flavors were turning harder/more stale), one of each of two kinds of egg tarts, two chestnut tarts, and one strawberry meringue slice. I asked for the chestnut tarts and the strawberry meringue slice to be placed in individual boxes, but was told that they didn't have individual boxes. That strikes me as odd. What if someone just asks for one slice? What do they pack it in?I didn't eat the egg tarts, so I can't comment on those. I did try the chestnut tart. At $3, I wasn't blown away, but it wasn't terrible. There's chestnut paste piped on top of the tart, but the tart itself is just pastry with flavored cream inside. It tasted oddly of cinnamon. The strawberry meringue was tasty, and at $4.25/slice, an alright deal, but I prefer my meringue sans chocolate, and it also had a pastry base. I wasn't expecting pastry. I also wish there was more cream and more strawberries. All in all though, it was alright.Service was quite grouchy. I asked for a plate because I wanted to eat the strawberry meringue slice in the bakery. The lady that handed it to me frowned. Um...okay then. I see why they don't have a tip jar...
Let me start by saying I have no idea how much it costed for dinner. We came as a party and had a set meal. It was a meal for 10, but we added 2 people's worth of food to it.Had:Sucking pig and jellyfish - suckling pig was not bad, but I've also had much better. Jellyfish was bland. Usually, it tastes of sesame oil. This one tasted minutely of salt.Honey pepper oyster - probably my favorite dish of the night. Oyster was served piping hot and crispy. Sauce was just right. It didn't overwhelm the oyster. Oyster was fresh and very decently sized. I liked how they served it atop a lettuce wrap. Lobster bisque with shark fin - Not enough lobster meat or lobster taste. This one was a tad ambiguous for me. It was presented nicely in a bowl atop a tea light burner to keep it bubbling while we drank it (left it a tad too hot for me. I burned my tongue). It tasted mildly like cheese sauce, or pumpkin soup, but I believe it was supposed to be lobster bisque. There was one chunk of lobster in it, and perhaps a piece of scallop. There were also strands of shark fin. I have yet to find a fusion-style shark fin soup I like, and this one was no exception.Abalone with baby bok choy - abalone was nice and tender. Bok choy was fresh.Deep fried shrimp with honey sauce, pan fried scallop and assorted pan fried veggies - I'm not sure how these two work together, but they were served together and on the same plate. The deep fried shrimp was nice and crispy and the honey in the sauce was evident. The scallop was tender, but not as sweet as I'd have liked it. The veggies consisted of snow pea shoots, mixed peppers, zucchini and perhaps some other things I've forgotten.White asparagus spears, snow pea shoots with lobster sauce, king oyster mushrooms - Yet another dish that was plated together, but for an as-of-yet undetermined reason. The asparagus spears were stringy. The snow pea shoots with lobster sauce were quite tasty, and the lobster sauce had a lot of lobster meat shredded into it. The king oyster mushrooms weren't noteworthy, but they weren't bad. Actually, the lobster sauce might have been crab sauce...it's been a couple of days. I've forgotten.Chicken - free range. Fairly good. Juicy. Not dry in the least.Steamed fish - not sure what kind. Not very big. Enough for each person to have a bite and a half.Wonton noodles with yu choy - Palate cleanser? I prefer e fu noodles at the end of my meal, just because I like to end dinner with some kind of taste in my mouth.Seafood fried rice - another palate cleanser. Meh.Dessert - mung bean sweet soup, cookies, papaya with coconut milk jelly on top - the papaya was an interesting idea, but the papaya wasn't sweet enough and the coconut milk could have been a tad stronger.This could have been a fairly pleasant experience, but our server, Jade, seemed irritated the entire night. Each time we asked her to do something like get us new tea, or serve us on individual plates, or even remove our plates, she had to say something snippy. It was quite irksome.This place also does the weirdest thing I've ever seen with Peking duck. They don't cut the duck while the duck is lying down. They raise it so that it looks like the duck has been speared, bottom end first, on a big metal tube, and then cut off the skin. What it ends up looking like is like they're stripping the duck and displaying it for the entire restaurant to see. We didn't have the duck, but we watched this process being repeated time and time again throughout the night. Did I mention that this entire process takes place on a display that looks like a boat? It's a tad difficult to describe in words, but the whole display seemed almost...vulgar.I'm sure I'll come here again, as I have relatives who quite enjoy this place, but I wouldn't voluntarily come myself.
Definitely not cheap. Food's good quality though.Had:Squid tentacles - Ordered because Yelp said they were good. They were pretty good, but the larger pieces were a little bit chewy. Good flavor though.Curry cuttlefish - Cuttlefish were really tender. Curry flavor was good. Awkward how they put fries into the bottom though. Steamed cuttlefish = steamed fries. Defeats the purpose of fries. Also filler. Less cuttlefish if you put fries at the bottom of the dish.Spareribs with black bean sauce - Definitely better quality ribs than I'm used to at dim sum. Other than that, pretty similar. Taro chunks at the bottom. Also filler.Fois gras and mango deep fried rolls - Think standard shrimp salad rolls at dim sum, but with small bits of fois gras and strips of mango inside, and the salad dressing on of the roll. Five pieces? Something like that. Not enough fois gras. Salad dressing overwhelmed the entire thing. That being said, it was tasty. Not worth the price though.Snow pea shoot and fried tofu steamed rice noodle - for all you vegetarians out there, this one's delicious. It's an interesting combination, and the mouth feel is quite nice. Snow peas are fresh.Snow pea shoot steamed dumpling - Supposedly had scallop in it. I couldn't find any. That being said, the snow pea shoot filling was almost (or actually) entirely just that. It was really tasty.Lion head beef meatballs - Or just big beef meatballs. A tad more black pepper in these than I was expecting, but it was quite welcome. Meat was tender. Very much so. Not much beef flavor though.Deep fried taro shred with minced pork filling - Usually yum. This one was also yum. Taro shred was nice and loose (not dense and packed in. More like deep fried floss?) and the inside was moist. Good ratio of external taro and internal filling.Garoupa and bitter melon pan fried rice noodles? - I think that was the name of the fish...Fish was delicious. Bitter melon was a good kind of bitter. Pan fried rice noodles were done well. Good base. Sauce made it so it wasn't dry. Good portion for six people.Durian pastry - An odd green color. That being said, the inside is quite strong on the durian, and entirely delicious. Custard-like. The outside was flaky pastry and oh so delicious as well. Three pieces. A great way to end my meal.If the prices were better and the service was better, I'd make this one of my go-to dim sum places. Well, that and if it was closer to home...
Came for dinner with my parents and my grandparents. We had the hamachi kama yaki ($13.95), the Mi Ne special tempura dinner ($27.95), the torched rainbow dragon roll ($15.95), and some sort of sashimi platter which costed somewhere in the high twenties to mid thirties. It was just enough food for the five of us.The hamachi kama yaki (yellowtail collar, for those of you who are unfamiliar with the term) was decent in portion and was cooked very well. It was still very juicy. Good stuff. I wish it didn't have the sauce on it though. It masked some of the natural seafood taste of the hamachi. The Mi Ne special tempura dinner came with 4 really small lobster tails (think large prawns), assorted seafood (artificial crab, fish, scallops, shrimp), assorted veggies (peppers, onions, broccoli, mushroom skewers, sweet potato, zucchini?), and chicken katsu. It also came with salad and rice. The tempura was fairly well done, but the lobster tails were underwhelming.The torched rainbow dragon roll was on the pricey side for 7 pieces, but there was a distinct torched flavor, so I'll give that to them. It was a tasty roll, but I can't justify the price.The size of the sashimi pieces was generous, although not quite so much as last time. The selection was not too bad, although I wish there was hamachi (If I recall correctly, there wasn't any in this platter. Should this prove otherwise, I'll update this review). There was one sweet shrimp, and it was the worst sweet shrimp I've ever had. Thankfully, it wasn't bad, and it didn't give me food poisoning. However, it had no taste. At all. The rest of it was quite tasty though. They also gave us a spoonful of ikura (salmon eggs) on one of our selections of sashimi, and the ikura was delightful.All in all, a fairly decent meal.Side note. It can get difficult to put a wheelchair into one of their private rooms.
First, I'd like to start off with saying that Dayali has a membership card, and two locations. The membership card does not apply to both locations. It only applies to the location you bought it at. I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure Dayali isn't a franchise, so this separate membership card thing seems like a bit of a money grab to me. Second, I'd like to mention that when we made our reservation, we were given two seating times: 4:30pm or 8:15pm. Okay then.Third, the servers don't know how to solve problems. We thought we didn't order something that came to our table, so we asked the server who brought it. He said, "I don't know", but made no effort to find someone who did. Along with this, they would make more money if they double-checked what people ordered. My aunt tried to do them a favor and circle the items we ordered. She missed two. The servers didn't check. Thus, there were two items we ordered that we ended up not getting, and deciding we didn't want/need anymore. I suppose this is both good and bad for us (I wanted those two dishes).Finally, the food. Most of the food we had was just okay. We had a pork aspic, pig ear and bamboo shoot, duck tongue (more salad than tongue), fried meatballs (cute, small, juicy, crispy, but a tad salty), house special Peking duck (not worth the cost, but looks kinda special), taro rolls with some kind of sauce (sauce was missing and no taro taste, but this is a crispy, slightly sweet, yummy thing), chilled spinach with peanuts, homemade noodles in soup (half price menu section, but the more expensive half of half price...however that works), fish head with pancake, yellow croaker?, minced beef and tofu egg drop soup (good for price, but very little minced beef), duck bones with cumin (salty and not enough cumin to be called cumin flavored), sweet and sour pork ribs (not enough meat for the bones we got, and tiny ribs), boiled pork dumplings (nothing I couldn't make at home), etc. There wasn't anything particularly outstanding, or particularly good for the prices we paid. The fish head with pancake had a big fish head with very little meat. The pancake is like green onion pancake sans green onion, and the sauce was good, but for $30, I'm expecting more than starchy pancake and sauce.All in all, I expected more. A lot more.
3.5Came with a large group. We didn't all fit at one table, so we had two tables next to one another. The tables were really close together. It was quite awkward trying to get in and out from between them. Service was spotty - owner was delightful, but some of the servers gave us attitude. One of them also announced very loudly to the entire restaurant (in the middle of our meal) that the restaurant was out of all chicken dishes except Hainanese chicken. Um...not okay.Had:Fish soup - fish broth with papaya. Tasted like fish. 'nuff said.Coconut chicken soup - something like that. Standard stuff.Mango salad - not as sour as some other mango salads I've had. That's a point in my book. I don't like sour mangoes. Also slivers of red onions and stuff. And cilantro.Indonesian chicken - I think that's what it was called. Super crispy skin. Chicken was tender, but not super tender. A tad too salty. Big pieces of chicken though. Wish they had been cut smaller. Served with peanut sauce.Grilled pork chops - also served with peanut sauce. Nothing special, but good.Meatballs in broth - yep. Meatballs floating around in broth. Also some kind of Chinese veggie. I forget what kind.Pad Thai - good stuff. Wish I had more than one mouthful. Will note on this later.Pineapple fried rice - not bad. Couldn't find the pineapple in my two mouthfuls though. There was seafood though.Pork hock - some kind of gingery, sweet pork hock. Not as strong as the ginger/vinegar stuff that Chinese people eat after someone has a baby. Probably my favorite dish of the night, and the reason this restaurant isn't being given a 3 star rating.Green curry chicken - Didn't have this. Heard it was spicy.Some kind of shrimp stew - good sized shrimp. Heads still on. Super shrimpy sauce. Yum.Yellow curry brisket - either yellow curry or Malaysian curry. Quite enjoyed this one. Have had it better at other places, but not many other places. Also tendon. I like tendon. Also small chunks of potatoes.Pomfret with thick coconut sauce - coconut sauce wasn't thick. More like creamy than thick. We ended up drinking the sauce after we ate the fish. Tasted creamy, coconutty, and fishy.Pomfret with tofu- ubiquitous brown sauce. Good stuff.Drinks:Mango coconut drink - lots of fresh mango taste. No coconut. Yeah...not impressed. If I wanted straight up mango, I'd have ordered the mango juice.Indonesian tea with condensed milk - had a bit of difficulty ordering this one. That's its actual name on the menu. When ordered in English, it caused a lot of confusion. In Cantonese, which the owner had to clarify with the server, they just called it milk tea. Cuz they only have one kind of milk tea. Yeah. Apparently, the waiter didn't know it was milk tea. Taste-wise, it was delightful at the beginning; even a tad sweet. Definitely tasted the condensed milk. Then, as I got to them middle, it just tasted like milk tea. No more condensed milk taste. =(So we came with 15 people (2 of them were kids). We ordered 2 meals for 5 people, and we ordered 4 other main dishes. We also ordered extra soup. We ate EVERYTHING. Absolutely no leftovers. Portions aren't very big. I actually left about 55-60% full. Free dessert was a sweet soup with red bean and other stuff in it. Small dishes, more like saucers than bowls.I'll come again to give it another go (my parents are big fans, and we got 10% off VIP cards), but right now, this is where I stand.
My first time here in a while. They've done a menu overhaul since then. Got takeout. Had:Mango slush - smooth. Not bad. Quite mango-y. Wasn't the right weather for it though. Oh well. Daddy's craving, not mine. Decent price too, if I recall correctly. Under $4.Deep fried silver fish with salt and pepper - deep fried quite nicely. Salt and pepper served on the side. A tad oily though. What I mean is that when I bit into the fish, there was a gush of oil. Not so nice.Deep fried tofu with salt and pepper - differs from the house of deep fried tofu. Yes, that's an odd sort of Engrish. Small pieces of tofu. Salt and pepper also served on the side. Good portion for $4.99. I'd order this again.Stir fried green beans and minced pork - green beans were fresh. Decent amount of pork. Standard though.Beef brisket and tendon - for $7.99, the portion was ridiculously tiny. There were like 5 pieces of brisket and 4 pieces of tendon. It's like getting the portion one usually gets in soup noodles, but multiplied by 1.5. Quite upsetting. Brisket was not dry and stringy. I'll give them that. Because of the portion though, I won't be ordering this again.Braised Chinese cucumber with dried shrimp vermicelli - I was expecting a whole lot more vermicelli. This came in two takeout congee containers (Styrofoam). When I opened them, I was quite confused. There was a lot of liquid, and the cucumbers were floating on the top. Upon placing this into a serving dish, we discovered that the shrimps were hardly noticeable, and the amount of vermicelli combined in both containers was about the size of a standard rice bowl. In short, this dish was more a soup than anything else. All liquid, no substance.Menu - this one's interesting. They don't seem to have a takeout menu, hard copy, that I could find. They also don't provide a full English menu unless one asks for it. Most of their menus have English on the first page, but no English on the rest.
I like getting a great deal for what I pay. This place has good food, but the prices seem a tad high given the quality of the food I'm getting.Had:Steamed rice noodle roll with dough fritters (M) - small portion. The rice noodle roll did have small dried shrimps and chives in it, but the dough fritters weren't crispy enough.Phoenix claw (S) - Chicken feet in a sweet/savory/mildly spicy sauce. Delicious.Braised duck feet with turnip (M) - good, but it wasn't turnip. It was some kind of savory Chinese melon.Bean curd sheet with chicken and fish maw (L) - Delicious, but expensive.Pancake with Chinese sausage, chives, and turnip? (L) - crispy on one side. Needed to be crispy on both. Still good though. Decent portion for price...kinda...Bean sheet roll with veggies inside (S?M? I can't remember) - tasty, but once again, not cheap.Steamed dumpling with king oyster mushroom and baby veggies inside (L) - 3 dumplings to an order. Good sized dumpling, but for what was inside, quite expensive. I believe the baby veggies were bok choy. One of the highlights of my meal.Spare ribs (S?M? I also can't remember) - taro cubes as filler on the bottom. Spare ribs were not as tender as I'd like. They also weren't evenly cut. I had this really big piece that was made of like 4 smaller connected pieces. Not cool.Service: Fairly good, but they forgot our order twice (once for Chinese mustard, and once for getting boxes). That second time was slightly irritating. We had to ask again, and the lady who we asked for boxes said, "Of course we can get you boxes" in a fairly condescending tone. We then told her the first server had forgotten and she apologized. Still, not cool.Lots of people for lunch, even on a weekday. We went at 2pm and they had almost a full house. Reservations recommended.
I came in thinking that their online menu was a tad too standard for my liking. I enjoy trying new things. I was so happy that in the restaurant, they actually had menu specials (like special types of sashimi, etc.) I have a small gripe with Inatei though. I ordered in two phases (we were hungry, but I wasn't done looking at the menu). During the first phase, I ordered a sashimi dinner, a lobster tempura dinner, and their Japanese wagyu (A5) skewers. During the second phase, I ordered  yamakake, grilled ginkgo nuts, fresh crab chawanmushi, Hokkaido scallop skewers, and okonomiyaki. The man who took my order for phase two asked me what I wanted. I waited for him to take out something to write with, because I knew that my order was complicated. He didn't take it out. Instead, he asked me again what I wanted. I then started rattling off my order. Then he got rattled, asked me to wait while he got something to write with, and then we had to start all over again. Sigh.Sashimi dinner - 15 pieces of sashimi (salmon, tuna, surf clam, mackerel, octopus, scallop, and what I believe was herring - the one that has the yellow fish roe at the bottom). Decent sized pieces. Quite fresh. Scallop was very sweet. Mackerel sashimi, I find, is usually quite dry. This was the juiciest piece of mackerel sashimi I've ever had. It was delicious.Lobster tempura dinner - lobster tail tempura with assorted veggie tempura. Lobster tail was cut into chunks and battered. The shell of the tail was also battered. It is beyond me why they bothered with that, because there was no meat inside the tail. It was very misleading, because for that price point, I feel like there should have been much more lobster meat than like six small pieces of tempura lobster. Lobster meat was also tough. Liked the tempura shiitake mushroom though. Not many places do that.Wagyu skewers - served in a small sizzling pan. 2oz for $25 ish? My first time trying Wagyu. Four wagyu pieces on skewers. The pieces were cut a tad thick for my liking, and because of the way it was cut, it didn't melt in my mouth quite the way I wanted it to. I was still recovering from my wisdom teeth extracture and I couldn't use my molars to chew, so that kinda sucked. That being said, this wagyu was incredibly juicy. Mmm.Yamakake - chopped maguro (tuna) with Japanese yam. I didn't know how the yam was going to be served, but I took a chance. Turns out it was pureed. This had such an awkward texture. The yam looked and felt like slime. Served with wasabi and soy sauce, this had a pleasant taste, but because of the texture, I don't think I'd order this again. It was presented beautifully though.Grilled ginkgo nuts - two skewers. I really like ginkgo nuts. Roasted, they're slightly addictive. These were slightly tough to chew on and slightly bitter. Probably my least favorite dish of the night. Hokkaido scallop skewers - Either Hokkaido scallops are very thin, or they took two scallops, cut them in half, and threaded the four halves onto skewers. These were okay. The spice they put on the top was a tad concentrated at certain places.Fresh crab chawanmushi - chawanmushi is steamed egg, for those who don't know. This was served in an adorable little cup. There was definitely fresh crabmeat in there, and also enoki mushrooms. This was very light tasting, but very pleasant. Okonomiyaki - with eel. I never expected this dish to be labeled okonomiyaki. All the other okonomiyaki's I've eaten look like thick pancakes, quite on the yellow/brown side of things, and covered in okonomi sauce, Japanese mayo, seaweed powder, and bonito flakes. Inside, there's always tons of cabbage, and at least a little pickled ginger. This looked like the eel pancake you see on a number of Japanese ayce restaurant menus. It's a very flat pancake with no yellow tint. It is topped with eel sauce, eel slices, and bonito flake. The only thing that makes it resemble okonomiyaki in the least is that there were some pieces of cabbage in the pancake. Please don't get me wrong. This was delicious, and at $11 ish, I would get it again. I'm just not sure if this item is labeled correctly.Two of our meals came with dessert. They gave us 4. Apparently, this is standard procedure for them, and I approve. Four dessert shot glasses filled with a tofu pudding with a red bean topping. I would have preferred the pudding a tad sweeter, as I had the red bean topping before the pudding and then the tofu was sort of tasteless, but all in all, a pleasant way to end this meal.
I take almost every opportunity I get to shop at H Mart, if only so that I can compare it to Galleria (I live like five minutes away from one, so that's my go-to Korean grocery store). Last time's trip to this location was better than this time's. Last time, I came on a weekend, and in the late afternoon. They had a number of food sampling opportunities, and they had also already reduced their prepared foods to clear. Yes, I'm that person. I like to wait until there are discounts before I buy prepared foods, most of the time. This time, it was not a weekend, and it wasn't late enough, so no samples and no discounted food (unless we're talking day old food). This is a pretty big store. Lots to see. Lots to buy. However, 8 lbs of sweet potatoes cost about $16 here, and for the same price, I can get 10 lbs at Galleria. The persimmons I saw at H Mart were on the bruised side, and if they had been at Galleria, would have been reduced to clear. I did buy two pints of blueberries though. They were $1.38 ish each, and looked quite good. I also bought a box of day old japchae at 50% off. That meant my big box of japchae was about $2.50. It was very tasty, and had a decent amount of veggies in it, including zucchini, carrots, wood ear fungi, and spinach.I'll be back (this is where we take Grandma when she wants to go shopping for Korean food), but this is not my favorite Korean grocery store. Galleria still has my heart.
Compounding specials is fun. I like how they have 3 different types of soup dumplings (xiao long bao) on special right now, and one can order all three at the special prices. This is a promotion for their silky skin xiao long baos, if I recall correctly. Basically, for the first order of each (4 xlb's per order), there's a special price. $0.99 for pork, $1.99 for pork and crab, and $1.99 for pan fried. For those prices, I'd say those xlb's were a steal. I would not, however, intentionally come for them at regular price. The wrappers were a tad thicker than I'd like them. Eat them while they're piping hot though. That's when they're the best.Also had a number of other things:Drunken chicken ($6.99)  - not drunk enough. Not enough rice wine flavor. Chicken wasn't particularly tender. Also not cut cleanly. Pieces still stuck together. Snow pea shoots ($12.99) - sauteed with garlic. Good portion for price. Braised pork belly noodle in soup ($6.99) - single large slice of pork belly. Fat was tender. Meat was not really. Noodle base was amazing though.Chinese burgers/minced meat with cilantro and green onions in sesame pancake ($6.99/2) - Not among the better ones I've had in Toronto. Lots of sesame though.Spicy battered fried fish ($12.99) - promotion going on. Buy an order, get a coupon that gets you a buy one get one free on this item the next time you order it. Portion was alright. Fish was creamy. Not spicy. Slightly cumin-y. Batter was a tad thick.Salty soy milk ($3.99) - I love salty soy milk. This had soy flavor in a good way. Almost floral. Chili oil, dough fritter slices, preserved veggies and possibly some seaweed, dried shrimp, and green onions make this almost like a soup. So comforting. Mmmm.Red bean pancake ($4.99) - a tad oily, but not bad. 6 decent sized pieces. Red bean filling wasn't too sweet, which makes it a plus in my books.Mostly positive stuff. Would order everything but the drunken chicken, fish, and the burgers again.And a random thought. Why put 'guest' in your WiFi network if you don't intend on letting your guests use the WiFi?
I lied. They put both the salmon kama and hamachi kama back on the menu, but upped the prices. They're now $9 and $13 respectively. We came for lunch today as a party of 5. We ordered the tempura lunch ($10), the kalbi lunch ($14), two orders of the hamachi kama ($13 each), and two orders of the aburi hakko ($10 each). For more information on the tempura lunch, please see my previous review. The kalbi lunch was the same as the tempura lunch, except with short ribs instead of tempura. The short ribs had grill marks on them, and were quite tender. Good stuff. I prefer the tempura though.The hamachi kama is now an even larger portion than before (or it seems that way to me), but it no longer comes on a sizzling plate and it no longer comes with pan fried veggies. However, it's still quite good in terms of price to portion, quality, and taste ratio. Tomo is still my favorite place to get hamachi kama. Grandma loved it. Aburi hakko is new to their menu, if I recall correctly. It's 6 pieces of blowtorched box sushi with assorted fish and garnishes. This isn't rectangular pieces of sushi. This is more square.The rice could have been a tad more pressed together, as it fell apart quite easily, but the rice was quite tasty. The fish definitely had that torched smokey flavor. The fish was also very tender, and decently generous in portion. The garnishes were nice too. The few pieces I had/saw had a thin slice of marinated shiitake mushroom under the fish. There were also fish eggs, chopped green onions, and some slivers of something I could not identify. It was quite pretty. Considering the upcharge most places put on blowtorched sushi, this is quite fair in terms of price to quantity. Service was quite pleasant, but not outstanding.Fun story of the day. We were sitting a few tables down from a table where there was a boy under 2 years old. He kept pointing at us and smiling, so we pointed back at him every time he pointed at us. Every time we pointed back, his smile got bigger. It was adorable. His parents caught on eventually and smiled back at us. They left before we did, but his mom made sure to tell him to say bye to us and to blow us a kiss. D'awww.
Who knew that in a little plaza like this, there'd be a surprisingly good Chinese takeout place? I wouldn't have known the entire plaza was here had my uncle not asked us to pick up the takeout order he had placed. Their curry beef brisket was surprisingly tender. It's not the best brisket I've ever had, but it beats a lot of takeout curry beef briskets I've ordered over the years. Their sweet and sour pork is good too.
I had the teriyaki pork chop with egg on rice combo with a hot horlicks. This is a misnomer. The pork chop is not teriyaki. It's a cutlet pork chop with a slight amount of teriyaki sauce on top. The egg was over easy, but the yolk was fully cooked. Big portion of food though. Lots of rice at the bottom. Comes with three slices of cucumber and a stir-fried mixture of enoki mushrooms, sliced white mushrooms and onions nestled between the pork chop and the rice. Horlick was tasty. Unlike a lot of other places, they put enough powder in it that the horlicks doesn't need added sugar because it already has plenty of horlicks flavor. It also stayed hot throughout my entire meal.Sad bit towards the end. They handed us our bill without us asking for it. We hadn't even been there for an hour yet...
I really wish I could give it 4 stars, but I can't. Made a reservation because I knew this restaurant was small and it was Saturday night, so there were dinner rushes. We got there about 5 minutes late for our reservation. We had to wait another 5 minutes for a table to clear out so we could sit down. There are about 8-10 tables in the restaurant, and only 1 waitress. she has to do all the serving, the clean up, the hosting, and take orders. Tough for her. Despite the bustle, she was very friendly and very accommodating. Food was okay. Sashimi was reasonably fresh. Had the super deluxe bento and unlike their online menu where it says there's yellowtail sushi as well as sashimi, the in store menu says that they have tuna sushi (and not the yellowtail). I much prefer yellowtail. Their super deluxe bento had a piece of uni (sea urchin) sashimi, and that was pretty fresh. It wasn't the best uni I've ever had, but it was passable. The rest of the food here is just that. Passable. It's okay, and the prices are okay, but did I feel like I got incredible value for my food? No. Did I eat anything especially memorable? No. Would I come again? Perhaps if I was in the area, but I wouldn't make the trek all the way here just for some okay sushi.Nice thing though. We ordered 4 dinners that did not say they came with dessert. We were offered dessert at the end (supposedly included in our meals): green tea ice cream or yoduly. Cute, the yoduly. Got the green tea though. It too was okay.Interesting last thing to note: Grandpa ordered the BBQ galbi (short ribs) and he couldn't chew on the part close to the bone, so he wanted to cut the meat portion off. They didn't have any standard knives, so they gave him what looked like an IKEA kids knife. Yeah. It helped, but only minutely.
Came here for my friend's birthday dinner, we all ordered off the winterlicious' menu which was around $30 for 3 courses. I got the Arancini for my starter, then the asiago chicken as a main, and creme brûlée for dessert. The Arancini was really flavourful with a crispy shell and stuffed with mozzarella. The chicken was okay, it was juicy but lacked seasoning the asiago was a nice stuffing but didn't do much for the flavour. And last but not least the creme brûlée, it was average, nothing special but it was still good. I remember I came to il fornello a couple weeks before this date and the service was really bad, our entree came to the table before our bread! But I have to say this time around service was much better I told the server that it was our friend's birthday, he said they don't do anything special for birthdays however when dessert came out, he brought her dessert with a candle and sang happy birthday! Overall good meal and nice service, if you're in the area you should definitely stop buy and give it a try.
Came here for dinner with a friend on a Wednesday  around 8:30pm, it was unusually packed for a week night. The hostess greeted us then seated us at a table which we didn't like (hate to be that customer but whatever) when we asked for a different table she quickly wiped down a booth and sat us there which was much better. After about 5 minutes of looking over the menu the server stops by to quickly greet us and leaves. 10 minutes later the server comes back to take drink orders, by that time it had been 15 minutes since we were seated and,  we were ready to order. The server recommended the pomegranate beet cucumber soda, so we both ordered that. Then for my main I ordered the Herb Alfredo with chicken. After about 10 minutes our drinks and water come out. The soda was not good. It just tasted like cucumber water with sugar and some club soda and red food dye. Not what I wanna pay $4.50 for (we ordered virgin). After about 15 minutes our mains come out and this is where the real disappointment starts. My herb alfredo was tasteless! The sauce had way too much cream and not enough cheese. At $24 a plate that was a huge let down. The alfredo sauce was watery and could barely get a grip on the penne (which is a weird pasta choice for alfredo, yes it makes a difference) anyways we decided to forgo dessert. Overall the server was friendly and polite it's not his fault he was busy. I'm extremely disappointed in the food and hope this place gets their act together. The ambience was nice and lively  so points for that. If your gonna come here you should probably stick to something simple like a burger, they can't mess that up, right?
MY FAVOURITE HONG KONG CAFE!I love this place so much! Every time I walk in the door I'm greeted by the friendly manager's face! The way to order at this place is to walk up to the counter order your food and pay, and then they will bring your food to your table. I always get the baked pork chop here it is 10/10! Their milk tea is so good, there is a reason they won #1 in a milk tea competition! AND THE BEST PART IS THEIR PRICES ARE SO CHEAP! I highly recommend this place!
Oyaji sushi had perfect service and food! When I walked in, I was greeted by the polite server who let my friend and I sit wherever.  As soon as we sat down the server brought out some nice hot green tea. The prices were a little higher than expected but still fair. My friend got the hwae dup bap and I got the chirashi donburi (15pcs sashimi on rice) sashimi was fresh and there was a nice variety. I tried my friends hwae dup bap, it was delicious! I know what I'm ordering next time! The highlight of the night was their service! The servers were super polite and frequently checked up on us. Also you'll get extra service with a yelp check in ;) I will definitely be returning and I would recommend this place to anyone!
Bubble tea is alright I always order the passion fruit one. Drinks are too sweet so order half sugar!  The Oreo bubble tea was better than expected,I'd recommend that speciality tea! I had the green onion pancake and it was horrible, was flaky and not in a good way it made a mess all over the table and my clothes! I couldn't even cut the pancake with a knife! On a lighter note interior is classy and service is nice!
Perfect place when you're in the mood for noodle soup! I come here for the noodle soup where you can customize the broth, type of noodle, and toppings! Food comes out quickly if they aren't busy and service is good. The only things are they don't accept credit card, and lunch hour here is hectic, you're lucky if you get a table during then.
Dessert here is really good I love the cakes and the drinks too! Only problem here is that it's really overpriced, recently they jacked up their prices so I don't come here as much, sad it was a pretty good place.
This restaurant has been around for a long time but it was only recently that I visited for the teppanyaki table dinner. It took several attempts to book to secure a reservation for 5 people. Make sure you book a week or more ahead! They fill up fast. When we arrived, we were seated down and given menus to browse. They have a lot of combination dinners for you to choose from, which includes soup, salad, vegetables, 3 protein items, beef fried rice, and finished off with ice cream. All five of us ended up deciding on the scallops, chicken, and steak. All of us enjoyed the meal. We felt everything was cooked perfectly, nothing over/under cooked. The meat was tender and flavorful. Our chef chatted with us while he cooked and he was quite funny. There was no crazy tricks and it isn't done like a "show" like other teppan places but it was still enjoyable and worth getting a table for. Definitely a place to come for some good ol table side teppanyaki!
What can I say? Finding authentic homey Taiwanese food in Toronto is rare and Mama Bear is a very welcome addition. Walking into this restaurant made me feel nostalgic and reminds me of scents of a snack bar in Taiwan. There were some hits and some misses in terms of food. The good: wintermelon tea, popcorn chicken, stinky tofu which were fried perfectly!! The set meal with pork belly and bamboo shoots was pretty good. I love fatty braised pork! Needs improvement: meat ball was tough, oyster omelette was gooey and flavors not there and their new caramel pudding had really faint flavor or hardly any at all.I heard the beef noodle soup and steamed stinky tofu are good so on my try list. Fast friendly and efficient customer service.
I love the large patio here! And I love the fact that they turn on outdoor heating so even though the weather's a bit chilly, we can still hang out in the patio. Great idea Moxie's! Okay now onto the drinks. The drinks were a bit weak in my books. Totally watered down by ice. I had the mojito and the Tokyo lemonade. Tokyo lemonade was pretty good. Could be a bit stronger. Tequila might've been better than Vodka. Mojito was almost like water. Ice is just an excuse. I get the mojitos all the time at Milesotnes and it's still strong and minty and tasty. Seriously, not worth the price. Get beer instead. But then they redeemed themselves with the burger. The braised beef burger is A+ awesome. So flavourful - wonderful combination of braised beef, juicy burger, toasted soft bun, and fresh toppings. The fries are pretty great too. In fact, we ordered extra. Service was friendly, washrooms are lovely, my company was awesome!:)
I don't know about authentic but the good here is delicious. Nice family style restaurant serving northern Chinese food in the neighborhood. They have dumplings, soup filled dumplings, beef rolls, marinated sliced beef, pork with steamed buns. Delicious. Prices were reasonable.
Second visit and the burger with cheese and bacon wasn't as good as I remembered. The burger was pretty charred, cheese was barely detected , burger wasn't seasoned enough, thin onion rings on top was bland and breading was falling off. Fries were also overly salted. I don't know if they switched chefs or if its just an off night but drastic difference from first visit.
I've been to this local Shanghai style restaurant three times now. The first time I had an amazing experience (this was couple years back) because I was thrilled to have good Asian restaurant in the Thornhill area. The second time it was alright and the third time (recently) it was just good. Don't get me wrong, I'm still glad to have local good eats but honestly, I'm not that far away from Commerce Gate / Yonge and Finch / Markham and there's tons of steep competition there so I give this place an average. The xiao long baos are decent here. The skin isn't too thick or thin and the inside is juicy but the meat tends to be overcooked and a bit dry. The shanghai noodles are alright but I find them to be a little tasteless. It could use more seasoning and maybe some more flavour with other ingredients. The large soup filled buns are interesting. It literally comes in a straw and you can drink it. Mmm shark fin soup anyone? Though I didn't see any shark fins...  They got the standard onion pancakes, fried sweet and sour fish, cold appetizers, fried dumplings, raised pork belly, etc etc. The decor inside is modern and clean. It's also spacious enough to gather small groups of family and friends and it's usually not too busy so no lineups out the door kind of thing. Overall, good neighbourhood restaurant. PS do not believe in their website. There is NO DELIVERY!
Horrible take out experience. Glued together pho noodles that would not come unstuck even after stirring it in boiling soup. Meat was over cooked and tough and taro spring rolls were hard and over fried. Not a fan. At all.
My group of 11 really liked our experience here. We sat in a round table with three stove tops so we had three pots of soup with two soup bases each. Nice. Easier to converse this way then to have a really long table where you can't hear the other person. The food here was pretty good. Wide variety of soup bases, some are premium bases $5 each but if you sigh in via yelp, you get one free soup base. My side got the special soup base, and the mushroom and bone soup base. Both were really good. The ingredients were fresh, lots of variety, ranging from roots such as yam and taro, to meats such as beef,. chicken, lamb, pork (all really fresh), to balls such as squid, beef and pork all fresh not frozen, to veggies, to others such as wontons, mini pork buns, frozen tofu, and a wide selection of carbs. Price was $18 without seafood option and after tax and tip was about $24 pp. As others mentioned, only water or hot Chinese tea is included in the meal. The place is pretty clean, food, restaurant, and bathrooms included. There maybe other places with better value but overall we had a good time. Service was fast although by the 5th round, they only brought in half the portion of the meat we requested because they didn't believe we could finish it. We had to order more and wait for a couple mins but it was okay.
I really like how they are open late. Not a lot of dessert / cafe places are, so this place is great to go after dinner with friends. They are open on a lot of holidays too which is awesome because for some reason, I always crave cake when it's like Christmas Day or Thanksgiving. I normally get their cheesecakes... they are delicious. And the ice cream makes it even better! They're just good, they're not spectacular. I love sweets and chocolate but I can't handle their triple layer chocolate cake. It's like 3x too sweet that it's gross. Cheesecakes and crepes are safe choices. And I personally like the Yonge and Hwy 7 location better. The vibe is different but I don't know how to describe it. You'd have to check it out yourself :)
Just discovered this place and so glad I did. Love their noodle soups! It's like pho but better! I have to warn you though. This place is BUSY. $8.95 gets you a big bowl or actually HUGE bowl of noodle soup. You choose from their list of soup base, choice of noodles, choice of two meats or veggies, and special price for up to two side dishes. The pork cutlet and fried fish side were both really flavourful and well done. (this is coming from someone who doesn't even like fried fish). I give them so many stars because I'm all about the value. Even though they were busy, service was fine and they were fast.
The quality of the service hasn't changed much since the last time I was at Saigon Star - probably because the same servers as last time are still working here! We came in during lunch on a Saturday afternoon and the restaurant was quite full. The restaurant was understaffed and as such, we weren't given the best service. Service was overall, non-existent. We were put in a corner where the sun kept beating down on us. We asked to change tables because of this but we were told to simply pull the shades down - fine, it helped, but we still felt hot af because we still felt the heat from the sun. They could have also agreed to have moved us to another table too rather than ignoring our request. We weren't served tea when we sat down. It took a while for us to finally get our orders in. We weren't given the customary side plate of raw bean sprouts and lime when we got our pho bowls. It also took a while for us to pay our bill because none of the servers bothered to look for us until my dad finally had to get up from the table and ask for the bill. As for food, the food itself was good. Wasn't spectacular but good nonetheless. The curry chicken pho that I had didn't have as much chicken as I would like and the broth was kind of watery but overall, it was okay. Would I come back again? Maybe. Perhaps when it's less busy.
I came to Golden Court a few times before. The food is decent and service could be better. The staff seem to shout at each other a lot. We had to wait about 5 minutes to actually get seated while we watch the servers clean off the tables. However, service seemed to improve a bit more once we were seated and the food actually came out pretty quickly. I would definitely recommend getting the sweet custard buns! Overall, not my first choice when it comes to dim sum restaurants but it's an okay place to get food if you're not in a hurry.
I really enjoyed the ambiance at Alice Fazooli's! We felt as if we were eating in Italy at the patio. The inside of the restaurant is very woody and full of wine racks. There are also lots of large tables that are perfect for parties! The bathrooms were a bit weird though. For some reason, they were broadcasting some Italian language speaking lesson...in a bathroom of all places. One of the many things that I liked about Alice Fazooli's was their menus - the back of their menus featured photographs Vogue Italia photoshoots. Very chic. Service was good - our server was friendly and accommodating. As for the food themselves, we really enjoyed our pasta dishes. The chicken fettucine and baked carbonara that we ordered had great presentation! The baked carbonara was somewhat lacking in sauce but still tasted really good! The chicken fettuccine was also delicious. We finished off our meals with a nice bowl of vanilla gelato. I'm looking forward to coming back here again to try out more of their dishes!
Pros: - Overall good food.- Servers were accommodating.- I like how spacious and clean-looking the restaurant was. - Good variety for food and soup base. - Sesame sauce was really good! - The utensils were clean which is something that is becoming increasingly rare for Chinese restaurants. Cons:- Cash only.- Not enough variety for sauces. - Prices were a bit steep - at $23 - and they charged you extra if you ordered different sauces other than the ones they gave you.- I didn't like the weird sour herbal drink they've provided us but it was nice of them to give us drinks other than water.
Pros:- Staff are accommodating.- Overall, food was tasty and was consistent with other Xe Lua restaurants in terms of quality. - Food is prepared quickly.Cons:- Takeout was definitely rushed. Utensils were thrown in together with the bag full of basil leaves and washed bean sprouts.- Not enough meat for the beef noodle pho and chicken pho that was ordered as part of the takeout order.- The take out bag smelled like sweat. Not exactly an ideal for takeout.
The staff were very accommodating and the food overall was delicious. I especially enjoyed the buttered squid and the takoyaki.  The portions are a bit small though but the quality of the food makes up for it.
Pros: - Thai pineapple fried rice was delicious and very filling.- Affordable prices. Everything on the lunch menu was less than $10. - For an Asian restaurant, our waiter was very accommodating. He was constantly checking on us and asked if there was anything that he could do for us, something that I really appreciated. Cons:- Didn't really love where we were seated. We were seated between the entrance and the bathrooms - not exactly the best place to sit when you're trying to enjoy your lunch.
Very nice, spacious interior. Service was surprisingly attentive (for a Chinese restaurant). Food could have been better. The rice rolls that we ordered were really sticky and we did not expect the green tea mochi to be really greasy (it was basically a potsticker with green tea filling in it).
Delicious and very filling pasta. Dishes were decently priced. Staff were really friendly. If you're really hungry and craving Italian, I recommend stopping by Nonna's Oven.
The outside of Sushi Aoi looked unassuming - it even gave the impression that the food is probably not that great (along with inattentive staff members). I was pleasantly surprised that it was not the case. I came to Sushi Aoi on my birthday and I was blown away by how well prepared, well-presented and delicious all of the dishes were (especially the sushi pizza)! The staff were also very attentive and even offered free desserts and free extra dishes! I love the fact that they have private seating as well and had doorbells in the booths. Seriously - all restaurants should implement doorbells on their tables. On a side note, the bathrooms were super clean and the ladies' room even came with sanitary napkins and mouth wash (along with disposable cups). I'll definitely be coming back here again if I'm in the area.
I've been going to Kim Po for years. The food has always been decently priced. The service has always been adequate. Too bad I can't say the same about it anymore. It's unfortunate that the restaurant has gone downhill. The servers are now rude and incompetent! The server that we had took a while to come to our table and ended up messing up my uncle's order. She barely spoke while serving us (no, it was not a language barrier - we heard her chatting away in Cantonese (my family speaks Cantonese) to another server as we were deciding on what to order). When we told her that the order was messed up, she rolled her eyes and started clearing up my cousin's dish while he was still eating it (my cousin later told me that his vermicelli was not cooked properly)! Needless to say, we were pretty upset about the whole ordeal and we ended up going to the Pho Hoa nearby. When we came back again to give this place another chance, we were once again, given very poor service. We were not greeted when we walked in and we actually had to walk up to a server to ask to get seated. When we looked at the menu, we saw that the prices were all jacked up from the last time we were there. We decided that this was the last straw and we ended up leaving immediately. I will not be coming back again, not after the subpar service and poorly cooked food.
3.5 starsService could have been better. Our server seemed to focus on my friend more when she took our orders. It also took a while for her to get our bills when we were done eating. She gave us breadsticks when we didn't specifically request for them - she just made an assumption that we wanted more because we ordered the (apparently popular) spinach and artichoke dip. Although we appreciated the gesture, we didn't actually request for them (nor did we want any more at the time). Food was somewhat overpriced. Some dishes were better than others. The spinach and artichoke dip were bomb. The baked penne carbonara that I had was very nicely presented. It tasted quite good at first, then became rather heavy as I continued to eat it. As I was finishing up the pasta, I found it to be quite dry and salty. I prefer my pasta to be creamy but it wasn't exactly the case with the baked penne carbonara.
The lamb biryani that I had was delicious and very filling. I especially enjoyed the metal ornate bowl that it was served in. Price-wise, everything could have been a bit cheaper (maybe by a dollar or two).
Probably some of the best burgers in the GTA! I had the Big Boys burger. Everything about the burger tasted wholesome, delicious and fresh. None of that artificial crap from other burger joints. The burgers were also huge! The burgers and fries were enough to fill me up for most of the day. Staff were also really friendly and informative. The only thing I would change about Big Boys would have to be the prices - especially for the toppings. It's about a dollar extra for each topping that you choose for your burger. Other than that, this place is amazing and I look forward to seeing more Big Boys burger joints in the future.
Immediately when I heard of the name 100 Degrees, I thought of my first Cash Money CD from back in the day.  Obviously this place has nothing to do with Juvenile, Birdman or Manny Fresh, but imma review it anyway!  Hot pot outta bed, turn my swag on, took a look at the kobe beef and said what's up.  Yes that's right the manager complimented my GF and I with a plate of fresh Kobe beef for out Hot Pot meal.  It was delicious and tasted as if it was carved from a sacred cow from Narnia.  Indeed it was tasty along with the other plethora of food we ordered for our AYCE experience.Service was top notch and these guys cleaned up my plates faster than I could eat.  The portions were perfect and they didn't slop on mile high amounts of food we didn't want.  At the end, we were treated to dessert and probably the best coconut ice cream I've ever had.  I asked for seconds, thirds, fourths and the waiters had no problems bringing me out enough to fill my craving.Will I come back here?  Oh fo sho!  Instead of lining up for an hour in the cold at Little Sheep hot pot, while people literally rub shoulders with you while you eat.  I'll come here instead.  It's one of the rare chill and relaxing hot pot joints uptown and dat sauce station is at yo table!
Looking for a warm plate of HK style pasta the way your mom used to make?  Craving that cup of HK milk tea that you had during your travels in Hong Kong?  Just looking for a bite on the fly, but you don't want to drop more than $15 on a meal?  Well Big Papa George just might be your jam.This place is similar to any staple HK cafe you have been to, except the quality is a bit better.  The milk tea is great, and the selection of dishes certainly keeps you coming back for more.  I usually order the spaghetti and the rose sausage pasta in particular.  It's good and fills you up, I mean it's not like eating at Scarpettas in NYC or anything, but what do you expect for under $15.Come here if you're hungry and don't mind the crowds.  This place is relatively new to the area so it gets packed quick.  Also it closes mad early, at like 6pm or so on weekends (weird I know), so make sure you come for lunch and don't stay for dinner knowmsayin?  I love it when we eat at Big Pop-pa.
Ming Ming, every time I come around yo city Ming Ming.  You would think this is your typical Chinese restaurant located in Richmond Hill, but you are wrong my friend.  No matter what time of day or day of the week, this place is rammed to the brim.  Yes people that want to get their egg coated lobster on, or people simply coming to gaze at their Chinese porcelain decor head to Mings.I came here with the GF and fam, and they loved it.  The food here is not only fresh, it's delicious.  Probably the first place I have ever tried egg battered oysters or fried yellow-fin Garoupa cooked to perfection.  In fact the Garoupa here is the best I've had in Tdot, and I stand by that!Service here is typical for this part of town, but the food comes out mega quick and their dishes and utensils are spick and span.  Order with caution though, the dishes are ginormous and super rich.  Expect to loosen up your belt a bit after a session at this joint!
No they don't serve deer meat here folks, it's a customized bowl of steaming hot noodles in your face though!  Yes the Asian comfort food for the cold cold country known as Canada, is perfect for those winter evenings or crispy fall nights.  The GF and I however decided to come here on a hot summer day for dinner.  She had heard a lot of great things about this place from various yelpers, so we decided to try it out.First off, the menu is rather complicated.  Simply put, there is a $1.50 extra charge for fish soup, but half the soups are fish, while the other half are spicy.  They should just tack that $1.50 on the meal price of $9.75 and be done with it.  Secondly, the drinks are included ONLY if you order the correct hot drink from the spreadsheet they have listed (you have to ask for it).  If you don't pay attention to this Deer Garden Final Exam, you could end up creating a combo that gets a bit on the pricey side (remember it's Cash Only, so pad that wallet for your date fellas).I ordered thick rice noodles, with fish/shredded pork soup and brisket/pork blood as my bowl.  It came out quick and the amount of food was quite generous.  The flavours were great, but to be frank it seemed like a bowl I could create at any Hot Pot place throughout the city.  It's an interesting concept, but I'd rather ad a bit more for an AYCE hot pot experience instead.  I'll come back though...probably not until winter is coming though.
Looking for a cute little sushi place that isn't AYCE in uptown Richmond Hill?  Tired of stuffing your face until your belt buckles scream "oh the humanity" because you're trying to get your money's worth at Wasabi or Aji Sai?  Well this is your place, the decor and staff inside shout kawaii and you feel like you're right in the pages of your favourite anime.  It feels very Tokyo sushi shop and my personal favourite touch is the blow fish banner draped across the bar area.Staff here and nice and polite and serve you as fast as they can.  Usually there is only one poor waitress working, so the minute you sit down, you might be waiting a little bit for your green tea and menu.  Your typical bento box meal will run you around $15 and that will come with a soup and salad.  A great price considering how "so fresh and so clean" their fish is.  Also they are one of the few restaurants that serve Uni (Sea Urchin), so make sure you grab a slice for your choice of box.Overall a great one stop shop for your sushi fix in the Uptown district.  I'm like hey whatsup Saporro!~
I came here with the gf as we received a "bang" card for a recent wedding we attended.  We were both presently surprised they were still open as it was about 8pm and a snowy dark evening in Toronto.  There weren't much buns left on the shelves, but we were able to get a selection of egg tarts, coconut buns, pineapple buns, apple croissants and various other goodies.  I was not to impressed by the size of the buns as I'm used to gigantic ones you get downtown Toronto.  The taste and flavour of these however was fantastic.  The buns tasted great even a few days after we got them and it was nice that each pastry was sealed individually when purchased to maintain freshness.Overall I was happy with the bakery and I would definitely come back for more in the future.  I can't wait to see what other buns they have available during the daytime.
This is a decent place for hot pot and unlike most of the others scattered across the GTA, this one is pretty clean and the food is put together per order rather than cafeteria style grab and go like "Little Lamb".The food here is pretty standard, but the cuts of meat are a lot more fresh than other hot pot places around town.  The catch however, is there are a lot of surcharges for extra things on the menu, such as certain types of meat, seafood and plum juice.  Just make sure you ask the waiter before ordering what is included in your meal.Overall the food was great and the service is relatively quick.  They give you some stuff to mix your sauces with, but you have to keep asking for more as it's rarely enough for the whole group.  I prefer the cafeteria set up like "Little Lamb" better as it's just quicker and easier to get what you want.  I would come back here again, but it's not my first choice for hot pot in the area.
This place is a great fast food style Chinese restaurant.  The atmosphere is loud and the decor is similar to most Chinese restaurants you'll see around Richmond Hill and Markam.  The service is decent and the food comes out lightning fast!My gf and I usually order the fried sliced turnips, sea food congee and a noodle dish of some kind.   The Hong Kong style tea is also great and will keep you awake all night!  Most of the food is prepared fresh and the wait times are very low if you are dining in or getting take out. My favourite of all the Congee Wong locations and the one that provides us with the biggest portions!  I will be coming back for more soon!
This latest incarnation of a McDonald's looks great inside!  Very modern and slick TV monitors make this place look like a McDonald's from the future.  That is probably all it has going for it though.  The staff and management are so new that they have no idea what they are doing up to this point.Usually I wouldn't review a McDonald's, but I felt like this one needed it.  They need to train their staff and get things going because just ordering a coffee ended up taking 15-20 minutes.  The staff have no idea what the usual specials are, let alone how to make a coffee with 1 cream and 1 sugar.At one point the cashier was so confused when I handed her a $20 bill, that I literally had to scramble to get her exact change as she didn't know what to do with it.  If you're in a rush, this probably is the worst McDonald's you can go to right now.  I'm giving it 2 stars for the monitors and huge TV screens and decent wifi!
This place is great if you're in a pinch and need something quick and hot to eat.  The decor and staff are nothing special and typical of most Chinese restaurants.  The staff are not the most friendly and are relatively attentive at times.  You'll have to really wave them down if you want to order or would like more tea.I usually order a beef brisket noodle bowl, wonton noodle bowl or various dim sum snacks.  The food is always made to order and served hot and fresh.  I always make sure to order a hong kong style milk tea as well to keep me up at night.Overall a great place for a late night snack when nothing else is open or around.  The best part about this place is it is mega cheap.  Last time I was here with two other people the entire bill was less than $25!
This place is a decent bubble tea shop to hang out with some friends and just relax.  The drinks are decent for the price and the snacks are also not bad.  My favourite has to be the popcorn chicken and taro milk shake.Overall the atmosphere is nice and when the patio is open it's a great place to relax.  The service is sub par if you can even find a server, but the food and drinks come out mega quick.
Patio opening day!  Too bad it was windy, otherwise the music and food and people would make this event more enjoyable.  Party moved indoors everyone is still having some fun.  Hors d'oeuvre were served around the tables, free drinks to sample.  No loss at all.  Come ify you don't know where to eat tonight.
The problem here is the parking.  People will have to drive a whole circle around the plaza to get to the front of the restaurant.  As one gets to the front, one will realize that all the spots in the plaza are reserved for other units.  Very frustrating.  The smart approach is to park in the middle in the general parking area (shared with other plazas) and avoid driving a circle around the plaza.
Arrived at location on Sunday, June 5, 2016 to use the free xiao long bao coupon I bought from axka app.  The server said because today is a "holiday" I cannot get validated for the freebie.  I spoke to the manager to inform him that today is a "weekend" and not a "holiday" like Victoria Day, he said ok he will give it to me this time. I added that there may be a wording difference and that he should get axka app to fix it.  Food was hot and fresh.  Also ordered the water boiled fish (spicy and good), the mochi ground meat (not that great), soy sauce noodles (no meat or veggies, just plain noodles, meh), and hot soya soup (good, with dough fritter). It was hot that day, looks like their AC is not working.
Arrived at 130pm for the patio.  It was not too packed. I found my spot by the patio with parking lot surrounding.  The music was perfect volume.  Gives you a patio party vibe.  However, the servers were not attentive enough.  I sat there over 10 minutes and nobody gave me a menu.  Once they acknowledge my presence, the server only gave me the food menu.  I wanted a drink too, so where is the drink menu?   Don't mention the wine menu cuz she forgot to bring it as well.   Ordered goose island for $6.  Good deal.  Ordered blackened chicken burger.  It was amazing.  The fries were soggy though.  Burger was pepperish which is fine by me, it was very tasty.
Was there late night studying this past Sunday. Small and cozy branch.  The TVs were playing sports (Stanley cup finals on one, and F1 racing on another). This is perfect for me being a sports fanatic.  I will go there for Euro cup games when I don't feel like drinking at the bar.
Had the premium et cetera, meh.  Had fish and chips.  Amazing.  Sat at the bar area.   Attendants were tentative and caring. The only funny thing was there's only one bottle of Tabasco and they had to keep asking to use it.  Ambience is fun and laid back on a Friday night.  Was here for NHL entry draft and being a Toronto city, I wanted to listen to the first overall pick announced, but the manager said no.
So I came with a friend after a movie next door cause we have a craving for BBQ. This location was an obvious choice cause of location. We were seated quickly and a server came and asked about the drinks situation. This was okay. Then we ordered our food, my friend and I ordered the summer menu's 7 oz hand carved steak. The food came out not too long after and I noticed my beef wasn't piping hot. I thought Montana's was known for their BBQ steak, I was wrong. Further to this, the cut of beef wasn't the best and so the steak was hard to cut and chewy. At the end we asked for the bill. Our server was too busy chit chatting with another customer. So the manager came by and helped us instead. So service wasn't great, and the food... Meh.
Had a horrid experience last week when I was there. The server's attitude wasn't professional, dropped our plates and glass hard onto our table. It just felt like he didn't care at all. I ordered the chicken fettuccine and it was sub par. Never going back here again.
Decided to come here for dinner with my friend. The atmosphere is always great and food has decent portion. I ordered the Pappadelle Alla Bolognese and I love how the noodles were cooked to perfect al dente. Sauce was just right in flavour. Our server always checked on us to make sure our needs are met. Oh, must try the tartufo for dessert!
So I came here for dinner 2 nights ago. I usually make a reservation for this place as they do get busy even on a week night. So I was seated at a table by the kitchen. Oh my, this view is excellent where I get to see all the yummy food being prepped. So setting is excellent to start off the evening. Food wise. My friend and I ordered a Sophia pizza and a zucca ravioli. I ordered a regular sized ravioli and the server was very kind to recommend us to split into 2 plates. Not long after, the ravioli arrived and wow. The taste had different layers to it. The sauce was creamy yet not too heavy and the ravioli was sweet and not over powering. Then the moment of the night came. The server said our pizza will be late because they had to remake it from scratch cause it didn't meet their quality standard. I was quite amazed by that. So about 20 mins later the pizza emerges from the kitchen. And not to disappoint, it came out piping hot. Flavour wise, it's not over powering with the cheese. Chicken and veggie tasted just right. I have to give 5 stars for both the service attitude the server provided and the food came out perfect.
Popped by on an off-day to pick up some goodies. Parking in this area isn't too bad at this time of the day. Once inside the store, there wren't many people in line also. And the tables were quite empty. Served by 2 ladies, I quickly made the my decisions to what to get: Chocolate Earl Grey cake plus some macarons. I was recommended to get the earl grey macaron flavour. The cafe is very clean and decently well lit by the window's natural light. Furthermore, the aroma of freshly baked croissants... yummy!!!!
Came here with my family for a meal. Venue is clean and pretty well lit. Atmosphere is casual and friendly. I made a reservation earlier and arrived early, we were seated quickly. We placed our order after a short wait. I wanted my burger with fries and gravy, my dad ordered the shrimp and scallop pasta. My mom ordered the blackened basa (sorry, no picture). Food arrived very quickly and it was piping hot, the way we like it. Flavour is decent and not overpowering. The server checked on us often to ensure we were looked after. The hostess was quick on her feet too whenever we couldn't locate our server. Overall experience is great and we will definitely come back.
Came here on a Monday night to hang out. And for a Monday evening, this place was quite busy. Which says good things about The 3 Brewers in Richmond Hill. They do have great beer that was made like a micro brewery and they were advertising about the Raspberry flavoured beer. Enough with the plugging. I ordered the Lilloise Flammekueches (wafer thin pizza). This has always been my go to dish and I shared with my friend. Then we decided to order the chicken club poutine. At first it came out a bit on the lukewarm side. But the server kindly took it back to the kitchen and had it heated up even more, which we appreciate greatly. Both dishes tasted great and surprisingly, we were full.
***The rating is for 3.5 stars***So I decided to give this place a try after reading other Yelper's visit. Toshi Ryoriten got really nice decor. And I agree with other posts, finally a Japanese places uptown! Let's start off with venue, it is very nicely decorated and very clean. At the entrance has this classic Japanese style wooden door like motif. And once you get inside is more modern and nicely lit. Onto the food... Not bad, not too over powering in terms of flavour. My friend and I ordered a marinated cod (Gindara), spicy salmonl, yellow-tail and green onion (Negihamachi) plus rainbow rolls plus the shiitake mushroom stuffed with surimi shrimp paste (Shiitake Shinjo). The food aren't bad, as I mentioned the flavour isn't overpowering. The fish was quite fresh. And the texture of the rice does have certain authentic Japanese sushi rice taste. The atmosphere of the restaurant is casual and not too loud, where one can have a conversation with a date. The servers aren't bad, they tend to me as often as they could given the busy schedule they have.
So I came here for a quick meal before hitting the movies about a week ago. The venue is clean, and it has a Hollywood theme as decor. The wait staff is typical for an Asian place, so don't expect too much in terms of service. Don't get me wrong, they are polite and all but they don't give you the wow factor as service staff.Onto the food, it's a typical HK style cafe. But they do blend in some Western elements. Example, I had the Portugese sauce with chicken baked rice casserole from their menu. What they added was Chorizo sausages. It's a nice addition, but somehow I didn't find the additional flavour to be a wow factor. Kind of ruined the taste of the sauce and chicken. My friend ordered a Hoi-nam chicken and rice, and the size leans on the abundance. She couldn't finish her chicken. The flavour was okay for her dish, not over powering.
So I dropped by here with a few friends for dinner. I've always want to get some authentic Taiwanese food. However the original location is a bit out of the way. The new restaurant is at a convenient location. That's a plus. Decor for this place is a bit more trendy. Lots of individual tables and for a party of 5 to 6 is still okay, anything larger will be hard. The menu is the same between the restaurants. I chose my go to dish, Taiwanese sausage and minced meat on rice with a shareable popcorn chicken appetizer and my friends ordered the popcorn chicken bento and braised beef noodle. Portions are alright, taste ain't too bad. I mean the food is alright? Just no thrill. I agree with another review, the food just isn't the same as the original location. Service wise, they are pretty attentive. Wish they turn down the loud music so a conversation can be done with friends.
Let me tell you guys, I had a crazy craving late last night for Pho. So I made it happen. I had to return to Kim Po to see what this place was like when I'm not intoxicated.WHAT a night & day difference eating here when you're drunk or sober haha. There are many PHO restaurants in Toronto, but few that are open late. You have to take it for what it is. Soup base has enough flavour, so you don't have to squirt half a bottle of MSG sauce. Noodles are good, not soggy or funky tasting like a few ghetto places I've been too. The sliced beef and brisket taste that same as any other Pho. Beef Tendon tasted kinda funky, but probably because it's been sitting in the pot all day.If you're looking for the traditional Pho Taste, this will not be your place. BUT if you have a late night craving, hit this place up. It will satisfy your taste buds and hey if it doesn't. There's a McD's across the street. Till next time!
Are you cold and can't seem to get warmed up. Then head over to 100 Degree for some good'ol asian soup Fondue.. hahaSo much I can say about hotpotting. What can be better then getting a group of friends together on a cold winter day and stuffing your faces.A Variety of soup bases to choose from, Traditional to Thai Spicy. I'm very impressed with the Seafood platter option here, fresh and clean (which most place aren't)The ingrediant here are fresh and cleaned properly. Don't ask me how, I just know haha. Seriously though, coming from asian parents, making sure the food is clean and fresh IS a serious thing!Other than your normal rare meats, dumlings, beef balls, etc... They have a variety of specialty items. Instant noodles, spam & hotdogs.. COME ON now, how great is this. Hotpot instant noodles is the greatest thing. If you haven't tried you must. Cook it in the Thai Spicy soup base with some lobster and watercrest.I've been to ALOT of hotpots and been kicked out of a few, but this one to date, brings the cleaniness, freshness and great customer service.Keep up the great work boys & girlsAny hotpot lovers welcome to join our next mission, because hotpot is war!! hahaHerman
First time trying this place out since they opened. I have always been curious. First impression of this place is, cozy and not for big parties past 6 people. It will be too crowded and you won't enjoy yourselves.The Sashimi was fresh and the combo platters came with a surprising variety. Shrimp and scallop.I didn't try any specialty maki rolls. I went with my favorite ones hahaA. Spider rollB. Spicy salmon rollBoth were goodThings that you should tryA. Deep fried shrimp heads (if you get them with your sashimi platter)B. Black sesame ice creamCan't wait to go back
Visits: 10+ (Dim Sum, Dinner & Takeout) When the service & food is Top Notch, I never mind paying the price. In my opinion this restaurant is the perfect size for the type of restaurant and location. This will provided the needed turn over to produce the profit, which in turn stay open with compromised quality of food and service. I enjoy my Shark Fin, Abalone & Geo-Duck as much as the next Asian, but what I truly enjoy is taking the simple ingredients and making them extraordinary. This is another Chinese restaurant where I'm not gulping down 10 litres of water because they load up on the MSG. Dim Sum, I've gone the most. Never disappointed me so far. They have the common Chinese items and a few that involve special ingredients such as fois gras & truffles which continues on into their dinner menu. The deep fried items were perfectly done without the transparent doily that you're used to seeing. lol Personal Recommendations for dinner: 1. Salt baked Free range chicken 2. Crispy Pork neck meat with King Mushroom Keeping it Simple & Fresh
The owners of Terra restaurant expand into north Richmond Hill with the Spirit of traditional Italian Ingredients with the 'americano' twist. I've heard and waited patiently for this place to open. I will be the first to tell you, definitely worth the wait. A great experience from beginning to end. The staff is friendly and served everyone in the restaurant with a smile. The food is perfectly seasoned, flavours are clean & fresh giving you that home cooked feel.Will I return? Yes!Recommendations:Fried CalamariBeef CarpaccioPumkin & Veal RavioliniLamb Chops with Polenta & Lemon ZestMushroom RisottoCreme BruleeWine ~ Chianti Classico ; 119 Clemente Tuscany 2008
visit 15+ (lunch & dinner)From a little 1 unit hole in the wall to buying out the unit beside them, tearing it down and BAM you have a great and still busy all the time restaurant. There's so many nice things to say about this place, but I'll will keep it simple. Coz I know you guys want to get out there and dig in =PFirst thing is please forgive the limited parking in their lot. It's well worth the wait. The customer is service is decent enough, if you get the right server. A few servers in there have the lack of knowledge of the food. I think it's because they don't speak english well.They offer a wide variety of food on the menu, from curry, roti, fried rice, noodles and soups. Not a fan of "too" spicy, they offer non spicy items aswell.Personal recommendations:1. Beef Curry Roti2. Chicken Curry Roti3. Ayam Goring Kampung (fried piece of chicken with spice, topped with shrimp chips) 4. Pineapple Fried Rice5. Tom Yam Goong (clogged sinus? this soup will cure you)Last but not least #6, order extra helpings of Nan to sop up the left over curry. MmmmAlmost forgot. Your'e going to need something refreshing to accompany all those spicy. Have a Mango Milkshake!
Visits 5+After numerious visits I will write a review. Even though many people base their experiences on the first visit, which is understandable. No business runs perfect. There's always ups and downs.I've dined in both the dining room and the bar. If you want to have a quiet dining, I defeinitely recommend the dining room. If you're heading out for a meal and drinks with a 1 or 2 friends the bar is the way to go.Food and Atmosphere is great. I definietly like how they have a temperature controled room for the red wine. Water is automatically served with a slice of lemon.recommendations:Appetizers: Fritto Misto, Crab Arancini, Fonduta FraticelliMains: Butternut Squah Ravioli. Roasted Mushroom Risotto, Arugula & Prociutto pizza, Lobster Pancetto PizzaNever had a chance to order dessert yet, so no recommendations.Wine: paired perfectly with the above choices, Chianti Classico 2008Only reasion why the score is a 4/5, is because, 1. There was no one to greet us at the door when we arrived, 2. The investors/owners were having a meeting at the bar, they were blocking the walk way to the seating area, even though they heard me say "excuse me" they stood there and didn't move out of the way. That's a BIG nono as an investor/owner of a restaurant.Enjoy everyone.Till next time
You really should only come to Marathon for their beverages (specifically milk tea) because the food quality is quite questionable. We made the mistake of coming here for lunch because we needed a quick bite and Marathon was convenient to us. We ordered: - Pork chop sandwich on pineapple bun: Super disappointing. The pork chop was small, dry and flavourless - no amount of mayo could rescue it. It was a weird combo with the pineapple bun because the sweetness overpowered everything else. - Satay beef noodle: This was okay... they put enough satay sauce but I ended up being super thirsty for the rest of the afternoon. Lesson here is if you need to have realistic expectations about the food here because it's definitely cheap for a reason.
We ordered the small combo for dinner, which is 31 piece combination of sashimi, nigiri and maki. This combo was the perfect size for our appetite that night and the sushi was pretty good - the sashimi was fresh and the spicy mayo they used for the spicy salmon roll was yummy! The combo came with miso soup and salad, but they were kind enough to give us a couple of extra sides - calamari and a small bowl of noodle in broth. Customer service was good and the waitress was friendly. I'd come back again!
Yum! I love this place for their sushi boats. Came here for lunch as a party of 7 on a Saturday and even though it wasn't busy at all, it is recommended that you call ahead because their tables aren't set up for large parties so it gives them time to arrange the tables. We ordered the largest sushi boat, salmon sashimi roll and blue mountain roll. The sushi boat is generously portioned for 5 people and comes with an assortment of sashimi (scallops are my favourite), nigiri (including unagi and uni!), and 3 maki rolls - everything was fresh! They were even kind enough to give us a plate of fried salmon head on the house.
Mi Ne is definitely a local favourite (and mine too!) - the restaurant is always busy during peak lunch and dinner times. Their lunch specials are the best value for the quality of the food they serve. Although the menu has nothing super fancy, they do the staples very well. This time, we ordered: - unagi roll and salmon roll (6 pieces each): The rolls are huge and more than a mouthful (no exaggeration!) The ratio of the unagi to the cucumber/avocado was a little off though - I had to take two bites in order to taste the unagi. Delicious anyhow!- salmon lover combo: Perfect for anyone who loves salmon - this comes with sashimi, nigiri, 3 piece roll, and salmon teriyaki on a bed of grilled veggies. I recommend this if you have a big appetite because it's a lot of food. They recently refreshed the restaurant a bit and the tables in the middle now have dividers in between them, which makes the dining experience much better because you're not elbow to elbow with complete strangers. Service has always been prompt and friendly! I highly recommend this restaurant.
They expanded their afternoon special menu since I last visited with a new pineapple drink and more $2 and $3 side dish additions. it's nice to see an increased selection of food and the pineapple drink was pretty good. The food here is consistent and decent, but their service sucks to the core. They seem to be understaffed all the time, with their servers running and scrambling everywhere. It's almost impossible to track down a server to get a tea refill or to follow-up on our order - they acknowledge you with a nod while scurrying across the restaurant but then never come back to actually see what you want. They also got our order wrong - we ordered grilled tofu but were served with garlic tofu, told them they got it wrong but we never ended up getting it, even after following up with them multiple times. It's really quite a shame because their food is quite good and the location is very convenient to me, but they have got to fix up the horrible service.
Deer Garden is always busy during peak dinner time and it was no exception when we arrived for dinner on a Saturday evening. There was a large crowd of people around the door but since the restaurant is fairly large, we were seated within 10 minutes. The menu is pretty comprehensive, with a good selection of soup bases and some rice dishes as well. Every entree comes with a hot drink - cold drinks and fancier drinks are extra charge. This time we ordered: - Malay laksa soup: With thick rice noodles, fish balls and fish tofu. The soup base is really flavourful - spicy, creamy and packed with coconut flavour. - Peanut sauce and chili soup: With egg noodle, sliced beef brisket and fish puffs. This one is definitely my favourite soup base. I love the mixture of peanut and chili - they complement each other perfectly in this soup and doesn't overpower each other. - Pan seared ox tongue (side order): It melts in your mouth! But it's too salty. In a previous visit, I ordered one of the fish soup base, and it had absolutely zero flavour. No amount of chili oil or soy sauce could have saved it (both of which you have to ask for). I never have high expectations for service in Chinese restaurants, but the service here was below average - the waitresses just aren't friendly. They also gave us our drinks way too late - we already finished eating by the time they set down ONE of our two drinks (and we both ordered hot milk teas) - we actually had to chase them down for the second one. Overall, you come here for the food and not the experience, but I can only recommend the malay laksa and peanut sauce & chili soups.
Yes!! Finally, a decent Vietnamese restaurant in Richmond Hill. Most of the good pho is in Vaughan so I'm very happy a more convenient location popped up. The menu is pretty comprehensive in its selection, and the prices seem to be lower than the average Viet restaurant. While the restaurant itself is spacious, they don't actually have too many tables set up. We came here for lunch and ordered: - Spring rolls: A small order gives you two spring rolls, and they were pretty big. The filling was meaty and went well with the dipping sauce.- Bun bo hue: While the broth only had a tiny hint of spiciness, it was still very flavourful and not overly salty. This had a generous amount of toppings, including pig's blood, Viet pork roll and beef. A plate of purple cabbage was also on the side. - Beef pho with rare beef and beef flank: Broth was clear and light. Asked for the rare beef on the side as we don't like it to be overcooked, and it was very fresh and tender. The beef pho comes in four sizes so you have a choice to cater to your appetite. The food came quickly and the service was very friendly. Overall, this restaurant is great for its value with its lower than average prices, generous portions and most importantly, good food.
Came here for a late dinner because it was one of the few restaurants in the area that was still opened after 10pm. We ordered: - Steamed mushroom and chicken dumplings. The flavour was lacking a bit and the wrapping was little too thick/doughy - Beef onion wrap. This was delicious! It was flavourful and the pancake was crispy without being overdone. - Tomato and lamb stew. This was a little disappointing because it wasn't hot enough, taste was off and tomatoes were on the sour side. There was a generous amount of tomatoes and lamb though. Overall average. There are better options for dumplings in the area but a meal here is easy on the wallet.
This restaurant doesn't look big from the outside, so I was surprised to see how big and spacious it is when I walked in. They have two entrances for dine-in and take-out (of course, we didn't pay attention and walked straight through the take-out door). The restaurant was bustling for dinner, but luckily, we were seated right away. The menu is pretty big, with a decent selection of appetizers, salads, pasta, pizza/panzerotti and sandwiches, so it was quite hard to decide on what to eat! We ended up ordering: - Calamari Fritti: The pieces were huge! So much substance in every bite. Each piece was evenly coated and very crispy. Comes with two dipping sauces (marinara and something mayo-based) - Pasta Alla Vodka: When they say a hint of vodka, they really mean it. This pasta dish was super creamy, but so loaded with cheese flavour there was no vodka flavour at all. - Boscaiola Panzerotti: Beware - this is huge! The crust was thin with some crunch, and the filling was piping hot. This comes with marinara dipping sauce on the side. While the pasta dish was disappointing, the other two items we ordered were delicious. Portions for everything were very generous. This is a casual and family-friendly restaurant, but if you're coming as a large group during peak dinner hour, you'll probably have to wait for awhile. The servers were attentive and friendly, and our overall dining experience was fairly positive.
I think the perfect words to describe Congee Wong are "average but reliable".You typically think of Congee Wong when you want a quick and fuss free dinner. You know exactly what you want before you even sit down because their menu never really changes. I've been here a few times and haven't had a bad experience so far. The servers are friendly for the most part and you get your food in less than 10 minutes. The food is not bad and portions are very generous so we always have leftovers to take home!
That's Italian is located in a small plaza, and it's definitely easy to miss in the dark. The restaurant itself is fairly small, and seats maybe 20-25 people. They also have a takeout counter with a slightly different menu where you can also order items not available in the dine-in menu (like sandwiches). We were given freshly baked focaccia to start off with, and it was SO good! Crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside - it was so delightfully buttery.We ordered: - Calamari Fritti: Small bite size pieces, lightly battered and very crispy. This was a perfect size to share between two people as an appetizer. - Sidernese Pizza: So good! The crust was thin and crispy, with an ample amount of toppings. The arugula very fresh, and balanced well with the prosciutto and white sauce. - Pasta with whitefish in a white wine sauce: This was ordered from their specials menu. Pasta was cooked perfectly al dente, and while the sauce was light, the white wine flavour really shone through and paired well with the whitefish. While the service was very friendly, it was really slow because they only had one server. It makes sense, given the small dining space, but it took about half an hour to bag the leftover pizza, to give us the bill, and to process the bill because he was busy serving the other customers, and I left the restaurant fairly annoyed because of this. If you're in a hurry during peak dining hours, I suggest you call ahead and order takeout instead.
We were here for lunch on a Saturday and had a better experience than our previous visit. The restaurant wasn't busy so we received a much more attentive service from our server. The food was also delivered much faster than last time. We ordered: - calamari fritti: The calamari was lightly battered so it didn't feel too heavy- the butcher pizza: Crust was a little soggy this time and the toppings were too salty for my liking- baked carbonara: Delicious! So creamy once you break the runny yolk. - chocolate toffee jar cake: So indulgent but this is so good. Gave Scaddabush another shot and it fared better than last time. It's a good place to eat while catching up with your friends.
Came here for a late lunch and it was full, but we only had to wait for about 5 minutes before a table freed up. We were provided with the lunch menu (11:30 to 5:30) and the afternoon tea menu (2:30 to 5:30), along with the regular menu. We ordered: Baked Portuguese chicken with spaghetti from the lunch menu, which came with a soup and hot drink. The portion was smaller than average but it tasted pretty good. Guilin soup noodle from the afternoon tea menu, which came with a hot drink. I think the afternoon tea portion is supposed to be smaller than the one from the regular menu, but we were given the full-sized bowl by mistake and by the time the server realized her mistake, we had already finished eating it! After realizing this, I wouldn't order it again because it is about half the size of the regular bowl - so beware! Food was okay, but it is more expensive than your average HK style cafe. I would only come back out of convenience.
Saigon Star has been around for a really long time so I figured it would be a safe option for a a nice family dinner. The first thing we noticed when we sat down was the old and tattered furniture - the paint was faded/scratched and the seats were all ripped up. You'd think they would spare some money to upgrade after being around for so long... We ordered: - Tom Yum Fish Soup (large): Generous portion and ample amount of ingredients in it. It had a good balance of spiciness and sourness without either flavour overpowering the other. - Sambal Wok Clams: These were "meh". It's supposed to be spicy but it wasn't at all, and there was a general lack of flavour. - Pan-fried Lemongrass Pork Filet: The pork was cooked perfectly but there wasn't much of lemongrass flavour. - Thai Red Curry with Beef Brisket: This tasted good but they were definitely stingy on this dish... barely any meat in it and it was mostly sauce. We ordered roti on the side for this which I would recommend for you to dip into the curry sauce. - Vermicelli with chicken, shrimp on sugar cane and spring roll: Good but nothing outstanding about it. - Hot Pot Seafood Rice Pilaft with Curry & Coconut Milk: My favourite dish of the night - it was delicious and very flavourful. The curry and coconut milk made a great sauce for the rice, but there wasn't much seafood to top it off. Overall, I was disappointed. My overall impression was that the food is average but more expensive then it should be. I'd think twice before coming back.
I was happy to find out that a new HK style cafe opened in this area - always on the lookout for more options! We came here for breakfast on a Saturday morning. The breakfast menu is fairly small, with a few noodle options, macaroni, sandwiches, and oddly enough (for an HK style cafe), pancakes and waffles. A drink is included with each breakfast item. We ordered: - Satay beef vermicelli with ham omelette: A little bland and could have used some more satay sauce. The omelette had shredded ham inside. - Instant noodle with two eggs and two sausages: Tasted as expected... not much to say here!- Milk tea: Too milky, not enough tea taste. Our meals also came with two buns (warmed up by microwave) with a side of butter. Overall, everything was average at best. One thing that's good about this restaurant is that they open at 7:30am every morning, so if you're looking for an early breakfast location, this is a good candidate (provided that you're okay with the limited menu options). I'll give it another shot by coming back for lunch or dinner.
Came here one night for a dessert. When we arrived, there was a sign by the front door that said wait to be seated, but no one came to help us - even though there were two waitresses behind the counter who clearly saw us standing there. We eventually walked up to the counter  so the sign really served no purpose. We were seated in the cozy lounge upstairs and ordered: - napoleon - pistachio rollette - tiramisu - cafe mocha- traditional Persian teaWe were fairly impressed with the items we ordered. The pastries were yummy and not too sweet, which is perfect for us. Our favourite was definitely the napoleon - really liked the layered custard with the flaky pastry. The cafe mocha had a perfect balance between espresso and chocolate. I took one star off for the lackluster service - the initial confusion of how we are to be seated and the waitress forgetting what drink I ordered.
Love the food here! This is one of our favourite places for noodles. This restaurant is always busy during peak lunch/dinner time, but we arrived early for dinner one evening and didn't have to wait for a table. We ordered: - Steamed chicken with hot sauce: The sauce is super delicious - peanut-y and quite spicy! It has a numbing affect on your tongue so beware if you can't eat too spicy!- Grilled tofu: They douse the tofu in seasoning but it's sooo good. - Signature beef soup noodle: This bowl comes with a bit of everything (beef, lamb, pork, egg,  turnip), and the noodles were cooked perfectly. The soup base has enough flavour but they provide chili oil on the side if you want a bit of a kick to it. - Szechuan style fried sliced noodle: The sliced noodle works really well in a fried dish but it's quite a challenge to pick up with chopsticks. This dish was cooked in a tangy and slightly spicy sauce with a chockful of celery, onions tomatoes and meat. Yum! Magic Noodle is a cost effective and quick place to eat (quick provided that you don't have to wait too long), but don't expect great service here. The waitresses literally drop off your food without even a blink of an eye at you. At least it's quite entertaining to watch the noodle chef at work!
I was looking forward to Abruzzo Pizza after seeing all the raving reviews and it did not disappoint! We ordered a small special pizza and Vince's special pasta with fuscilli. The crust on the pizza was perfect but the large amount of toppings made the centre soggy. It was otherwise delicious. The flavour on the pasta was excellent as well, but I have to say it is a tad pricey for the given portion. Next time I'll order the pizza with less toppings, and will definitely try the panzo!
It's a bad sign when the restaurant across the parking lot has people waiting and this one is empty. I should've taken the hint. (The place across the parking lot happens to have terrible service also.)Ordered pork bone soup and tofu soup. Both were not good. Pork was tough, the soup had no taste, I was eating orange hot water with rice. Not impressed. The tofu soup had the flavor of chili oil, but beyond that no other flavors. The service was good, waitress had no other table so it was easy to get her attention when we needed her. The food was just bland here. Won't be returning, should've taken the advice of the other yelpers.
We were craving Brazilian steak and unfortunately Copa was over booked. We came over to Touro and was seated immediately on a Saturday night. The waiter was great, comical, friendly and checked on us frequently. The downside was the people serving meat, since our table was by the door, they would skip us. On many occasions we saw them serve the table right behind us but just turn around and not even acknowledge there was another table to serve. This was very annoying so we told our waiter and he made his best efforts to see this didn't happen. After his second attempt the meat was served to us. I would say the waiter definitely made it worth it but the flavours and seasoning are still not as good as their competitor. It didn't help that they carved off such huge pieces of meat that we were full before having the chance to try anything new. This experience was significantly better then my last experience so I have them an extra star. The next two stars will only be achieved through consistent good service and better food quality. Let's hope it gets there.
Called in for take out on a Friday night, they said 15 minutes and so we arrived 15 mins later. The place was busy. We paid and left quickly, the food was great. Looks like this could be a good take out place for us. Didn't grab a menu, and probably should have because the person answering the phone may not speak English fluently and it would be easier to order by giving her the item numbers instead of the name of the dish in English.
Ok, so we didn't end up having a meal here because the menu changed. We specifically went for the brick toast bowl of food which they no longer do (see Yelp pictures for reference). However the decor and the wait staff were amazingly polite and nice. This is the type of restaurant you'd go with a family of 8 and order a bunch of dishes to share communal style. They also have that format in preset course dinners (Chinese banquet style). I guess I'll be returning with my family to check this one out but A++ for the service of the wait staff.
This place has amazing soup filled dumplings! The "traditional" type as they say on the menu, the "silk" type actually don't have the thinner skin, but are very tasty. The service here is ok. It has improved over the three times I've been here. It's reached standard chinese restaurant service now. The time it takes the food to arrive, and i'm not just referring to the dumplings, is longer then expected. It is not as quick as the other restaurants. The other items such as onion pancake and pork belly are good, but their traditional dumplings are a must! The soup isn't oily like other places, it's tasty and the dumpling skin is thinner then at other places. When this place has a lineup at the door, you can expect to be waiting for awhile due to the hold up in the kitchen, so I would not recommend waiting in line if there is one.
I came here on a recommendation from a coworker. He had ordered the spring rolls for take out once and it was soo delicious that we decided to come for dinner (dine-in). The crispy spring rolls are great!  The pho is good. It's clear and tasty, noodles done al dente and the beef/brisket was really tender. We really enjoyed it. I also ordered a Viet ice coffee which was really yummy, on the stronger side which I like. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because they ONLY TAKE CASH!  Hope that changes over time cuz they're loosing business because of it.
We had dinner here a week ago and it looks like I forgot to post the review. Here it is: The food is OK - I've had better Indian cuisine at many other places. The butter chicken is nothing special and the lamb roga josh did not have much flavour at all which was surprising for me because I like it at other places, but I won't be having it here again. The prices are fairly high for what it is. The decor is pretty modern and nice inside. We received very good service, however we were one of two tables that were there so they did not have any other tables to tend to. Overall, I think the food is good, not great, and the service was pretty good, so I would consider coming here if someone else wanted to, but otherwise I would much rather eat at the competitors across the street.
Just had dinner here. I discovered Sarpa when i was looking for Terra and it showed they were affiliated, however Sarpa's price point is a bit more affordble then Terra.  We had a mushroom salad, risotto (from the daily menu) and the veal chop (from the daily menu) and a tiramisu. The mushroom salad is great! Definitely a must try! The risotto and veal chop was also really good. We saw someone get a lamb chop also, and it looked good, but didn't look as good as the veal chop. The veal chop was great, really tender and tasty.  The service was pretty good. Our waitress mixed up my order, we addressed it immediately and she took full responsibility and made every possible effort to make it up to me. I didn't think it was as a big deal as she made it, but her effort to make it all better was above and beyond, so the bottom line is, the service is pretty damn good here. I'll definitely come back here.
I'm in this area a lot and when i found this ichiban, I was really excited because it could be one of my 'go-to' sushi places in the area. I ordered a small sashimi tray to go. When i opened up the box, the fish looked like it was cut with a dull knife - fine, no biggie. In my first bite, I got fish scales in my mouth, again, no big deal, then another piece of salmon - this one was accompanied with tendon or something elastic like holding it together. Then I turned to the tuna, thinking it was just the salmon that was bad quality. The tuna had a very strange smell but I tried to eat it anyway (thinking it was the packaging of the radish it came on top of), but two chews in, it was just not tasting right. The whole piece tasted sour and hairy. I threw up immediately. And that was my first and last time eating from Kim's. The prices aren't particularly low, and the quality is terrible.
I'm actually shocked I haven't reviewed Abruzzo's since I really enjoy this place. Anyway here it is. They make really delicious panzerottis, the deep fried one is better then the baked however it's deep friend, and is a bit oily. I consider it a really guilty pleasure and probably shouldn't eat it more then a few times a week (even though i really really want to). The baked panzo is good also, just not as great as the deep fried one. Their pizzas are thin crust styled and are very tasty. Something about the cheese they use is REALLY yummy. They have a dine-in side where I like to enjoy my pizza, it's not a huge place, so it gets busy sometimes but they have a full bar and great waiters/waitresses. I found them to be very friendly and helpful. This is the best pizza joint in the area, and there are 3 or 4 others in a 5 km radius of Abruzzos.
It's been soo long since the last time I came here, I don't even think yelp existed at that time. A craving for curry crab brought us here. The place was busy on this Friday night, we still waited ten minutes even though we made a reservation in advance. We ordered the samba fried clams, curry crab, fried small lobsters, lamb, and fried string beans. Everything was delicious. The prices are on the high side, but it's OK to indulge every now and then. People mentioned the lamb was really good but I thought it was just average, not sure I would order it again. The curry crab was the best and the sambal clams were very tasty also. The waitress changed our plates often and have us new utensils halfway through. All in all I think it was great service and great food. I'd definitely go back for the crab.
I picked up a Mango Almond cake here for a birthday recently. I had ordered it as soon as they opened on the same day. The cake itself was pretty good. Their prices are higher then average but the cakes looks very pretty. The mango almond cake was a hit with the family, I would definitely order their cakes again. They have a large variety of chocolate cakes and also some with unique flavours such as pistacio/blackcurrent so I look forward on trying those.
My family and I came here to celebrate a birthday. We ordered sashimi off the "Today's Special" menu (Toro and the Omakase) as well as a variety of appetizers, udon, and chicken teriyaki. All the cooked food was really good, however I didn't find anything special about the sashimi. I was a bit disappointed by the sashimi. It was a lot more expensive then most Japanese restaurants but there was nothing special about it and it wasn't particularly fresh. The service was spotty, we asked twice for our plates to be changed and they were very reluctant to do that. I've been to Inatei three times now and the last two times have only been so-so. There are better Japanese restaurants.
After 100 degrees closed I was and still am, looking for an alternative hot pot restaurant. I come here maybe once a year and it's gotten a bit better, but still isn't good. The soup bases they have are ok, the quality of meat is better then Hipot or Made in China but the service is bad. The place is too big for the number of wait staff and they put extra side tables out so it can accommodate the extra food, but it makes it hard for people to walk back and forth and thereby making the service slow. I re-ordered beef and lamb so many times because they kept loosing the paper and they got frustrated with us and didn't refill our hot pot broth or tea. We pretty much just wanted to eat the beef or lamb and leave. However between every time we ordered we would wait 15 mins to see if the food would come and it wouldn't (4 times) so I eventually told the server, he seemed angry that I had asked him to follow up with the orders and I explained I did not want to double order but he was already annoyed at us by then, so as soon as it came, we ate it, asked for the bill and left. Oh yeah, they added an extra 10% service charge to our bill (which I haven't seen here before- but pretty sure it was because they were annoyed with us [party of 3 people]).I know many Chinese restaurants don't have good service but I didn't think the servers would be rude let alone MIA most of the time. I'm still searching for my go-to hot pot place.
Looks like I forgot to write my review for 3 Brewers (Richmond Hill). First of all, I would like to say I was very reluctant to come here because I've been to the downtown location and had a terrible experience, however based on the convenience location and yelp reviews I decided to give it a shot. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and seated immediately. The waitress talked to us about their beers and let us sample some, she was really friendly. The food is pretty good here, we're big fans of the flat bread, its essentially a super thin crust pizza. The Lilloise is our go-to. The beers are pretty good, they have a few you can choose from which range from white to dark brews. Prices are fair. I've been back once again and received similar service and food quality so I'm please to say I'm a fan of this one.
Neopolitan sooo good and almond cookie not bad. Although mochi was kinda hard so i'll subtract one star until next time.
Lunch special till 3. Quantity and quality is still very high. Vegetarian options available but was told thai basil is a little better for vegetarians. I think this place is overall better though.Atmosphere is very nice too. I like the portion size over thai basil.
This place has been here for awhile and finally decide to give it a try. Its not like some of the more "popular" HK cafe's with the baked dishes. More traditional chinese rice / noodle dishes seem to be their thing.Portions are HUGE, cash only but very affordable pricing. Great service, don't think i've had better service at a HK cafe.Their HK tea is not bad too but would ask for more milk next time.Would go again if i'm near but won't crave for it.
Didn't consider service so now I am updating. The dinner service (maybe just that waitress didn't smile at all!) wasn't too great. I enjoyed the more friendly lunch service.Food quality at lunch I think might be a little better as well.
Too many options around the area and 2 bad experiences with take out gives it a 3. Either the plastic that they use for takeout for hot "sweet soups" are bad and give off a plastic smell or something was wrong with those batches.By the time I got home which is only 15 minutes away, the whole thing smelled and tasted like bad plastic. Never happened at any of the places I've been to but this place.
Always comes with dessert with whatever you order. Quality is up there but the price is also there with it. Seemed to be a bit pricier these days but for the quality it can be worth it.Ordered the Sashimi dinner with some nice selection of fish, next time will try the 15 piece non dinner combo one to see the difference. Also ordered a scallop hand roll but seems like the seaweed could be crispier. I personally would prefer Aoyama for the price.The plating was good too btw and also the atmosphere. More spacious than Aoyama.
Haven't been here for awhile. Went for lunch today and had two of their lunch specials. Their pad see ew, taste is still there but they use standard Asian rice noodle not the thick flat ones anymore. Green Curry rice was cold and spring rolls were cold. Not sure if chef changed in past couple of months but not planning to come back...
Sorry but compared to Kim Tao Hot Pot this place is not that great.The service, like what others said was actually really good and by far the best. They listened to our requests since we had a vegetarian and vegan-ish person with us. The dessert I find was better than Kim Tao Hot Pot but everything else was sub par.Some of the meat was already cooked when given to us which defeats the purpose. Also the vegetarian option is actually more expensive and the "special" veggie stuff is only a one time thing (Kim Tao Hot Pot allows AYCE on those as well). Also the drink was really bland. Although they do have  alot of selection for other drinks but you have to pay.The plating was a little better than Kim Tao Hot Pot but overall Kim Tao Hot Pot is better hands down. I would probably never come back here again (first and last) and just stick to Kim Tao Hot Pot.One more thing, the sauces at Kim Tao Hot Pot are better and the sauces are less "out of the bottle" sauces. Everything here seemed like it was just out of the bottle. Might as well just do it at home.
Always a wait but somewhat worth it. Depending on the wait time sometimes I just go to other decent alternatives. The presentation and quality is somewhat better than the average dim sum place but there are just so many to choose from its really hard to distinguish themselves as being the best. If I needed to pick a place for best quality though I guess I would lean towards this place.I believe they have morning deals too on weekdays but I usually go on weekends.
I would say average. Nothing really wowed me but it was definitely fast and nice decor. Service was.good too.Probably won't go again though. Too many other choices.
Still great but not that great for groups larger than 10. They had this awesome huge boat though which is sure to impress. Great presentation.Good break from all those ayce places
Across from world bowl. They have a late night dinner price as well which we usually try to get as well (if we can stand starving till then). Overall I think this is so far the best AYCE hot pot place. A little sketch maybe but I am totally fine with it.The ice tea or plum juice is pretty good and lots of variety. For all those vegetarians, they also have a better AYCE selection compared to 100 degrees and you don't have to pay more.On the down side I think the only issue is their dessert can improve.
2.5 stars. Congee is OK but the tomato sauce baked pork chop rice isn't. Fish filet & beef Congee - fresh fish but dry- beef is fine Baked pork chop rice, tomato sauce - dislike the texture and flavor of the sauce. Different from hk style,  it is sour,sticky rue, not really a sauce - pork is hard, dry, toughEgg and beef fried rice noodle - beef and egg sauce served separate from the noodles - beef is fine , noodles a bit oily Overall just came here cause I was in the area.  Stick with Congee and maybe noodles.
I'm always skeptical to eat dumplings 'cause I imagine it to taste like frozen dumplings I can make at home (similar to how I thought ramen = instant noodles for the longest time, but I digress..) but this place is good! Dumplings in all forms - steamed, boiled, pan fried, soup-filled, wonton style. And not just dumplings either - tons of other Northern Chinese dim sum, noodles, meat & veggie dishes, and dessert. Xiao Long Bao - It's quite different from what you get at a Shanghai place. Tastes more meaty and the skin for their dumplings is definitely different here - I really like it. Fennel & Pork Dumpling - fennel tastes like dill!! Very strong & interesting taste for dumpling (can't decide if I'm a fan but they're really addictive..)Wonton in Chili Oil - again, something unique about this here is that it has peanut butter at the bottom, but I kind of prefer it withoutPotato Shreds - nice simple side dish, good with a dash of hot sauceDrunken Chicken - ok I also like that this place has the black vinegar where most other restaurants only have the red one. *Cash Only*
The afternoon tea menu has a pretty good selection, including satay beef vermicelli, pork cutlet & fries, fish cutlet & fries, and more filling options such as tuna tricolor fusilli, beef bolognese spaghetti, and curry rice. Price range around $5.99. The only thing is you can't really substitute salad for fries - you would need to order the + salad option instead, which doesn't come with a drink. Note: this place closes at 7pm!
This review is for lunch lobster combo and a few dim sum dishes. Dim Sum: overall good taste and fusion presentation. - Sticky Rice Chicken - usually wrapped in lotus leaf, this was presented open-concept, like sandwiches with the pork filling in between two layers of sticky rice, topped with salted egg yolk. The top of the rice was seared, giving it a nice crispy texture. Although a bit small portion and random pieces of chicken on the side, I was impressed with the presentation!- Beef Ball - again, served open-concept on a plate instead of steamed basket. Usually not a fan of this but tried a bite and it had good flavour despite looking dry, and soft texture. Placed on top of some hard bitter melon and some corn on the side. - BBQ Pork Bun with crispy sweet top (don't know English name of this) - my favorite dim sum, the bun was very soft and the bbq pork was not too overpowering. Lobster Combo ($55 for 2 people but big enough portion for 4) - comes with steamed lobster (garlic & truffle), lobster congee (so soft and fluffy!) and e-fu noodles topped with abalone slices. No complaints, everything was good. Sat in the private room, which normally would be quiet unless you happen to sit next to kids watching videos loudly on their phones. Service is ok, food is good - I like the lunch more than dinner.
3 stars for food - good side dishes, beef broth & noodles, and one of the few places I know that opens late. Worst service ever, on multiple occasions but the most recent visit prompted me to write this. I don't expect much but we all deserve basic respect. I ordered the beef noodle and was given the noodle with egg (overcooked) & pork. I waved to the server and he mumbled "chili oil on the side[table]" - which was not even my question. He came over with a menu so I could verify that my order was wrong, and responded with no emotion, no eye contact "it's the same. Same broth. Same beef......do you still want it?" Obviously it's not the same - beef and egg & pork are not the same thing. The beef was tiny bits unlike the photo showing large slices. But I still kept it as I didn't want to waste food. I read a google review that described the staff as 'walking zombie' - pretty accurate description.
The dim sum here is on the pricey side, but it is superb. There is a wide selection and everything is good taste and quality. Special mentions: (Recently changed management and food even better)Dan Dan Noodle - the BEST! peanut buttery soup, excellent noodlesBBQ Pork Pineapple BunFish soup noodles--- Egg Yolk Bun  - good balance of sweetness. The filling does come out, but it's not watery; the consistency is sandy/mashed up yolk. Tofu dessert - really smooth!The honeycomb beef (beef stomach and daikon?)  is a bit tough to chew.Good for groups! Very presentable, comfortable chairs and bright interior.
Tried the Hainan Chicken rice again and was disappointed. - Rice was very hard and dry, no taste- Chicken had no hainan flavor. Actually, it had no taste overall.
Come for the drinks and nothing else. 5 stars for the iced lemon tea - its flavour is different from your typical cafe! Milk tea & condensed milk bun are ok. But the dinner food - meat sauce on white rice - possibly the worst ever. The egg & corned beef sandwich was sad and soggy.  To top it off, everything is way overpriced.
How many good hotpot places are left nowadays? Despite the not-so-great service at times and average decor, I think Kim Tao is a fairly solid hot pot, with good soup base, variety of condiments, food (cuttle fish ball is v good!), drinks (sour plum and lemon tea!), and cooked foods such as claypot rice, fried glutinous rice, desserts and some fried side dishes.
Finally found the best walnut paste dessert in Uptown area!! Freshly grounded, not too sweet with that natural walnut taste I love. Although the consistency is a bit watery, it's as good as it gets and pretty much close to what you would get in Hong Kong. The Cashew is great as well. The curry fish balls (plate of 8) + deep fried squid balls are must-try as well; better than the rice rolls. Service is nice and sweet - the best Chinese dessert shop owners I have ever come across!
Fresh, quality sashimi. Nice decor. Different designs of plates/cups etc. The only downside is the expensive pricing but you get what you pay for. For dinner, I like their selection of sashimi, particularly hamachi, sweet shrimp, saba and the yellow roe fish (what's it called??)For lunch, I usually get the sushi combo that comes with california rolls and assorted sushi (or the one with additional 4 pcs of sashimi)The pannacotta dessert is a nice touch to end the meal.
A piping hot bowl of fish noodles is perfect for a cold night! I came here on Wednesday around 10pm.For $8.25: Choice of broth (many choices!), noodle, 2 toppings, and a drink. I like that they indicate which have no MSG and there really is a lot of variety to choose from. I ordered original fish broth with thick rice noodles, green veggie (choi sum) and fish fillet (actual fish, not fish ball/paste). The bowl itself already comes with napa cabbage, dried bean curd and some mushroom. The soup is fairly light and milky. I like that it's definitely hot enough and a very large portion, but it could be stronger in fish taste and a bit thicker.The HK style milk tea needs major improvement. It tastes like it has no cream at all and couldn't be saved with two packs of sugar. My boyfriend ordered from the late night special menu which has a lot of appealing rice and noodle options. He got the Spicy Beef & Enoki Mushroom Vermicelli. It definitely is spicy!! Pretty good.
It is a great place to visit when you dont want to cook and dont want to drive far to eat!!
We ordered Chicken Fettuccini and Sausage Pasta. I am a big fan of Pasta. The Fettuccini is pretty good, as creamy as I want but the Sausage Pasta is just so so even through it is one of the chef's choice. Generally, it is a nice place for light lunch or dinner and friends' gathering.
Love their cakes! The lunch or afternoon tea is better than the dinner. They give hot water instead of ice water to customers and that is the part I like. If they can make better milk tea or coffees, I will give them five stars.
You have to order the right dishes to enjoy the food in this restaurant. Since this is more like a northen chinese cuisine, dont order steamed fish or lobster. I dont think they are good at seafood. But they are good at cooking meat, expecially duck. Of course, that is the specialty of this restaurant. Try to choose the upgraded one as it tastes better and has more sides.
Food is very fresh and big portion but too many people. I have to wait more than half a hour for just a take-out. Maybe I came a bad time. But I still recommend this place.
I am not a fan for Curry first of all. and the malaysia curry fish I have ordered really disappointed me. the fish is over-fried and no taste.
its been a while since i got to rate something with 4 stars but I'm glad I finally got to try this restaurant I pass by all the time but always seemed to ignore. The food is pretty good. The prices are pretty standard at 8-14 per dish and because I always found myself driving to markham to get some decent dimsum, I appreciate this place even more.Definitely a hongkong themed restaurant with all the decor and pictures hanging on the wall not to mention the cuisine. I normally don't notice interiors that much but somehow they nailed it with their setup as I literally feel like I'm in asia while I dine inside. Service is ok but it also depends on which server you get. A few are friendly, a few not so, which I am used to.I find the menu more affordable and diverse. I don't notice steamed whole fish available (for $13 only) that often in other mid range priced restaurants so it is definitely a plus.Some restaurants offer dimsum during lunchtime only while I can get it here up until closing time. I must say that Bayview Court is now my official go to chinese restaurant if I want decent food around my area.
as good as it gets (in the GTA)probably the best wings Ive had, ever! granted, i don't necessarily search out for the best wings but Ive tried around 10 other wings places in the  GTA and all-star is hands down the best. Note that this is a review based on flavor and not on service. I always go off peak so its pretty empty when I get there. I'm sure service becomes horrendous past 6pm when the place is getting packed.my choices:pandoras boxgarlic & pepper - dry rubnero, ceasar etc seem the same to me
Free internet, close to home, decent coffee, bread, and sandwiches are some little reasons why I go to Panera all the time, distance being the biggest factor.I used to frequent a place in Etobicoke called Artisano bakery and this place reminds of that. Its like these 2 places used the same template for setting up shop. Same sort of casual ambiance with that vibrating  gizmo when your order is ready, same type of food, and very similar price range. I'm a sucker for these kinds of places.I have to admit Artisano has slightly better sandwiches and given a choice I'd probably skip Panera. Since I have no choice, I just learn to appreciate the good things, sit back, and enjoy.
This probably isn't the fairest of reviews of this place for I have only tried the lunch buffet. I'd rate my dining experience at around a 2.5-3 as I found the array of options pretty disappointing. The entire selection was placed on a relatively small table where you get around 4 appetizers, 4 entrees and a couple of desserts. Obviously you can't get top notch italian meal preparation for around $18 but if you cant get quality, I was hoping might as well make it up with quantity, and that's why this place didn't really make my day. You have a plate of spaghetti, and for the next round, another plate of spaghetti? If I ever do come back, I'm hoping the alacarte menu is whole different story.
This place is ALL Korean and is amazing. There's a big grocery, little food court, a tiny electronics shop, tea/ginseng shop, all featuring purely Korean products. The crew who make this place run are very pleasant and very customer oriented.The main reason I have reviewed this place is because the food court here is worth mention. For under $10 you can get a complete, delicious, and very satisfying Korean meal. I order some pork bone soup or bbq beef for $8 and I get the works. Big bowl, rice, 3 sides including kimchi, bean sprouts and seaweed. One of the best deals IMO.two bonus reasons I love this place: 1) they have a water dispenser in the food court and they give you a cup when you purchase your meal 2) My meal costed 9.03, I gave $10 and got a loonie as change.
One of the best affordable Japanese restaurants in GTA. Its not AYCE but its not as expensive as highend places like Nami in Toronto and yet satisfaction will be guaranteed. Properly prepared sushi and higher quality than most restaurants I go to.
unfortunately, this place did not have any of the elements I like in the Jerk places I frequent.1) they skimp on the serving size. The oxtail we ordered had very few pieces and each piece didnt have a lot of meat on it. 2) the Jerk chicken was obviously baked. However it was prepared it was definitely not grilled. It was as if they got bottled jerk sauce from the grocery, marinated and baked the chicken in it. If that was the case its a lot easier to make it myself.As much as I like jerk chicken it appears I will still need to drive down to Toronto to get my fix. This is unfortunate as this place is rather close to where I live.
Having spent a large chunk of my life in Singapore I know a great deal about singaporean & malaysian food. I have to admit that this place is pretty good in terms of authenticity and quality of food. The biggest thing that bums me out about this place is the prices. Malaysian coffee in hawkers is probably 50 cents maybe a buck or two for upscale places tops. Here its $6 + tax+ tip, its the biggest markup I've ever witnessed. It makes me think how much exactly does it cost to ship coffee for it to cost so much.Don't get me wrong, this place is great. But just knowing that you can get the same dish (even better) at 1/8th the cost is hard to get over.I still will rate this place highly because i know I'm in Canada which in itself is a reason to jackup the price. Note: pad thai is great here
I can sum up this place with one word : Interesting.And because of this I'd say it's A-OK. It's hard for me to rate Nandos as this is the only place I know of to get peri-peri chicken. Definitely the draw of this place is the different types of chillies/sauces you get to try with the chicken each having a very distinctive and interesting flavor. Drawbacks are that the serving isn't particularly large so I never get full afterwards and the chicken does tend to be on the dry side from time to time.
First of all this place is called "Bayview Kitchen". I know this for a fact because I'm holding their take-out flyer as I write this. Second, this is one of those places that you frequent only if you live nearby. I can't imagine anyone making an effort to drive a distance just for this particular Chinese take-out.Since I do live around the area, and I tend to have cravings for fried rice, sweet and sour pork,  and the like, I have to A-OK this place at the very least. There's a dine-in area which has around 10 tables but I only go for pick-up where there's an automatic 10% discount. Fried Rice with another dish at around 15$ which can actually feed 3-4 people, I'd say it's pretty worth it. Food is not bad either.Note: Cash only.
Apparently this is the second branch of the more known Thai Basil located in Bloor. I had to try this place out with the couple of Dine.TO awards posted at the front drawing me in. I've never gone to the original but have to say I'm quite impressed with what I have been served here so far.I'm in no position to say how authentic the food is but I can definitely taste the Thai ingredients in it, like palm sugar instead of sugar, the lime leaves, the lemongrass, galangal, where I cannot say the same for other restaurants I've tried. Servings size is more than satisfactory and they don't skimp on the ingredients. Mango salad is mostly mango (not extenders as I've seen many times elsewhere),  a lot of coconut cream over milk, (therefore sauces are very thick) etc. This is only place in I've tried in my lifetime where I actually appreciated a bowl of tom yum. Never liked that stuff but I thoroughly enjoyed this one. According to my wife it was almost exactly like what she had in Bangkok albeit this one was not as hot (and yes it was hot).Overall, excellent food so far, I have yet to be disappointed.
This place disappointed me so much. Most of the reviews here are probably for lunch, when its cheaper, with a different menu. Dinner was a bit steep and it wasn't anything memorable except for the "Crispy Pork" that we ordered that was not even crispy. This wasn't a dish that was improperly cooked, it was pork, with no skin, in some sauce. It was seriously like thick slices of ham with glaze but called crispy pork just to mess with you, plus it wasnt even tender.my food experience here wasn't  a distant cry from a place like bayview kitchen except this place had better plating, ambiance, and pinch more quality at double the prices. And thats double for the cheap stuff... the cheapest dish here is around 16$-18$ then it just skyrockets from there.. fried rice 36$, duck dishes $40 at least. These are regular sized servings like in any chinese resto. No way am I coming back for dinner. On the plus side, I was pleasantly surprised they gave free dessert. That is why I rated this place a 2.
totally agree with a lot of the comments here... its a good restaurant with very interesting and tasty dishes. Service is really fast considering it was packed when I was there.The pho...iv'e had better.. perhaps trying to have chinese, thai, vietnamese, malaysian in the menu is just too diverse. Other purely "pho" places are definitely better...the curry crab seems to be the go to dish here... most of the diners had that at the center of the table and it looked really really good... slurp slurp
This place had good reviews but I was skeptical. After trying it all doubt has been wiped out. I was never a fan of burgers priest and found holy chuck to be slighty better but still very similar so I was expecting this place to be more or less the same.While they are all of similar ilk, I can honestly say that fresh burger for me had the most properly seasoned patty out of all of them. I actually enjoyed the flavor of the patty. Other than that, one is not much better than the other which makes me glad this place is in richmond hill.
Tried the abruzzo special pizza, ordered additional italian sausage... got charged for it.. when I got home it wasn't there. I guess its my fault that I didn't check...  but ill let that screw up slide and give a fair review. If people are giving 4 and 5 stars to this place it has to be for something other than the special pizza and the carbonara because, although they were good, they were definitely nothing special, especially for the prices they charge which are slightly higher than a lof of the pizza places in the GTA. The crust and sauce weren't amazing, the toppings were exactly what was on the menu,It's not like they used fresh mozzarella like the real expensive restaurants. So other than that, not sure why it would be way better than any other pizza. People are going for a lot of hyperboles in their reviews so here's one. Its the best pizza along Yonge between steeles and major mac.
We came here a few time and figure to write a review. The season we had was very good. The food overall is very good. The price is definitely better then other seafood restaurant comparing. The service is very good and it's a great place to have a large table.
This is the second time I've been here since it opened. The food is good but missing a few item we ordered. The service is very good. I like the idea you get your own hotpot also. The only downside is you have to pay If you want more plum juice. Either $1.50 a glass or $6 a jug. You can't take it home if you don't finish which I think it's wrong since we have to pay separately. Another downside which will stop me from coming is they do t accept credit card. Any restaurant that can easily go over $100 don't accept credit card is ridiculous!
This is a small restaurant in a plaza. We had lunch here. The Ichiban combo is average but pretty good for the price. The roll was very good. The price for what you get is very good.The washroom is the down side. After you been there you might not want to eat. They should clean up because this is the most important area in a restaurant.
Finally there is a very good Korean restaurant in Markham. This is the second time I'm here. Their service is very good. Even not enough waitress but they are quick and calm. The food is really good. I have try pork belly, ginseng soup, pork bone soup, wheat noodle and they are all very good. There side dish is also very good. When there is Korean people come to Korean restaurant then you know they are authentic.
This restaurant has very good food. The yellow curry is amazing. The fish is very tasty and the Malaysian style vegetable not too salty.
This place has gone down!!!! I've been here twice these couple weeks. We walked in the first time and no service.. we have to complain to the manager because the attitude of these waitress are unbelievable. One of the waitress smell very bad. His week the same waitress smell very bad. We had to complain to the general manage and he didn't seems like he cares. The bartender still have a attitude problem. We will never come back!!!!
Well we gave it a try since we saw our friend try it. It's a nice little restaurant. We usually try the an inexpensive dish. This place can get expensive. The fish we order wasn't anything special. The mushroom lotus on rice is pretty good. I think there menus is unique but the price should be little lower. The table beside me was only a foot away. The service was pretty good. It's worth giving it a try.
I've been here twice and believe me there is nothing really good. I order a simple pineapple bun with butter. It wasn't warm and had to send it back. It will be last time here.
I went with my son first time to try it it. The sashimi is very average. That means everything else is the same. The service was good and the place wasn't very simply.
When I walk in to this restaurant I didn't feel well because of the smell. After 10 minute later I was fine. I order the stinky tofu and it really stink. The rest of the dish was actually pretty good. The service was good. If you like stinky tofu you will like this restaurant.
This is a private party. The food is pretty good. The service is very good because we know the waitress. But what really turn me off is after j sat down. The fork, glass, cup were dirty. Some of the plate are chipped. A restaurant line this they should consider to correct these things.
This is the second time since a year ago. The last time the sashimi was too thin but this time was much better. The service is very good and it didn't take long for the food.
This is the first time here. The place seems nice and we had a table for 6. The waitress took little longer to take our order. We had to fetch her for service. The food was pretty good. Overall it is not a restaurant I would specially want to come again. But I wouldn't mind if I go again with a friend.
First time here. I ordered the beef brisket noodle. The soup was little salty. Noodle was ok. I think the Scarborough location is better. Nice place to seat and chat since it is quite here in the late afternoon.
My wife and I walked in and they said they were full and ask us to go to the lounge side. We went there and nobody served us. Server was talking on their own so one server walk by and i waved at her. I said excuse me and waved her at the same time and she walked right by me. Are you Serious??? We got up and left this suppose to be a upper class restaurant. Management should realize this!!!
This is a very average HK Cafe restaurant. The Russian borch soup taste nasty. The cod fish was good. The hot lemon tea had too inch lemon and it was really bitter. I've been here few time and certain things are good.
I'm here almost every Thursday . Very nice place and the server is very nice too. It's half price appetizer night. So it's great to have a night here
We have 9 people here and we had 3 round and some dumpling and other food left on the table that are not finished yet. But our beef is done so we wanted to order more beef and lamb only. The waitress told us we couldn't order the beef because we haven't finished the food on the table. Wtf??? Do we have to finish everything first to eat different food? Maybe we want to eat beef now then the dumpling. What kind of all you can eat is this???The owner is just cheap!!! You should never try to control the food quantity when you have a AYCE restaurant. If we all leave and left lot of food then it is wrong. This is our last time here. This place has changed since the last time here.
This place has gotten better over a year. The service is very good. The food is not bad. Few of my friend insist of coming here a few time.
Food is still very good here. The service is still pretty good. The things that they should look at is the hot sauce that they gave us. It's watery and little. The small bottle of salt and pepper runs out very quickly. Otherwise not bad at all.
This place has a feel of been in HK. Once I walk In it feel so humid. The table is sticky and it feels uncomfortable. The food is pretty good. Few things never shows it. Maybe they didn't have it or they didn't want to give you any. Coupe waiter has a attitude problem. The other was more friendly. They only allow to give you one dessert. I don't see the big deal of the dessert since it's made by a large pot. Overall it is a very average place. I probably go again but not purposely.
It's a Saturday night and it's busy but we had great service from our waitress! The salad bar was very good especially with those guacamole. The restaurant is very nice with very spacious tables. The meat is little above average. Overall I would go again but it would not be a first choice. The price should be a touch lower if you ask me. They didn't have any dancers which was disappointed. Their front door should have more light. Had a great time still!
I think the one on silver star is much better. The service is pretty good. I can't say when it's really busy. It won't be my first choice to come here.
I've been to this restaurant for so many years. I say 31/2 star because the service is quick and food is pretty good. The only thing I don't like is when you order noodles with BBQ meat they separate the noodle and the meat. The portion of meat is so much you can't really finish it. The charge is more also. I can't imagine how woman can finish it either.
Reasonable prices at this place but for some reason the quality is not up to par with other Chinese restaurants.  Portions do seem smaller.
My favorite Chinese BBQ place.  As other reviews have noted, the lady chopping the meat is always ensuring that you get a fair amount and fair variety of bbq meats. Price is reasonable and quality is great.
Always good food and good service.  They are very consistent in these two areas.   Filet mignon is always my favorite.
$11.50 for standard ramen with pork belly and soy based soup + $1.50 for extra noodles.Noodles don't really taste like ramen and soup base was flavourless and thick ( they probably cooked the noodles in the broth). They really cheaped out on the soup in general (hardly any soup and the noodles soaked up almost all of it after eating for 5min). Also ordered the large for $18.  Portion is like getting a large Pho but you are paying $8-9 more.  Its a real ripoff and would never go back there again. Total damage was close to $40 for eating dog food.BTW the frozen ramen noodles from Sun noodles are 10x better and you can buy them at T&T supermarkets http://www.seriouseats.com/2014/04/the-fresh-ramen-kits-from-sun-noodles-will-knock-your-socks-off.htmlAjisen Ramen is probably the best of the worst i have tried in the GTA.
HK style menu.  Price is not bad especially if you have the 10% discount card.  My favorite is the pork knuckle / hock.  I would give this a 3.5 star as i do tend to come back.
Great place for lunch. The value is great and the food is very decent​.  Normally order the chicken kabobs.
Went for dimsum on Saturday and it was packed.  Waited almost an hour.  The lady manager in red was a total disaster.  She took my order but messed up and never entered into the system.  I had to talk to the manager Sunny and he realized that they screwed....so it took us about 1.5hrs until we started eating.  I do have to admit that the food was decent but the service was so crap that im not coming back again!
Been here about a year or 2 ago.  Setting is very tight and certainly feels like a small restaurant.   Price is in the high side so i would prefer to dine at Casa Victoria instead as the quality is much better
This place is very nice! Tastes great, good seating, lovely staff, and the decor is beautiful! Very delicious. It's definitely one of the top Thai restaurants in Markham and worth the drive for those of us who don't live quite that close.Start off with some tomyum soup or try the coconut chicken soup. A touch spicy but great way to start your meal.We enjoyed the pad Thai very much here. Usually, pad Thai is very mushy and sticky, but here it's well made, doesn't clump together and tastes great! I also enjoy the massumum Curry beef. Very sweet and nutty Something really unique was their steamed Thai mullet. It's a whole fish cooked in broth with a delicious array of vegetables and a spicy, refreshing sauce. :)  Finish off with their sticky rice desserts. Comes with fresh mango pieces and a yummy coconut sauce.
Definitely not a place I would recommend if you're looking to have some good comforting Asian dessert. They have a neat little Chinese desserts menu and they all look great in photos, but they definitely do not taste all that great. Our dessert soups tasted very watery and had clumps of starchy bits in as though it wasn't quite comes through or mixed right. The colors are great but tastes quite bland.Service is good and they are friendly, but there's better Chinese dessert close by. They've got some rough competition :/
Grabbed a lunch take out there just by chance on a weekend. It was the only place still open for lunch by that time and technically it was after lunch but they gave it to us anyway. We were only grabbing to go, but the staff there were so sweet and kept asking if we want tea while we waited to stay hydrated. The sushi was not bad. Pretty good spot at a reasonable price. The set sushi lunches are great portions for an average eater. Fish was cool and firm and the rice was a good texture. The rolls weren't falling apart which is a big plus :)It's a nice quiet spot to visit if you're in the area :)
I feel like this place kinda went downhill. The tables are usually not wiped clean and the cups always have a bleached taste/smell. I end up ordering a lemon ice tea just to avoid having to taste/smell that.The food use to be pretty good.. decent HK cafe. Now I find the food questionable. There's usually a jelly like layer over the cream sauces and the meat dishes I've ordered like the black pepper sauce steak has been either really tough or extremely soft like it's been over processed. I just start to really question how the food is prepared.That being said, I do enjoy the minced meat dishes like spaghetti bologna. I just stick to the tomato dishes and and fries.. haha Or grab a lemon ice tea. :) The parking here can be a bit hard during the busy times. There's another restaurant and a Service Ontario so there have been times we've had to park in the back. Luckily they have a back space available for an extended parking lot.
This place has been around for years and it's been consistent all around. We usually just come for celebration so it's maybe a once a year thing They don't take reservations on weekend nights, but I'm not sure about weekdays and I'm not sure about online Open Table. I haven't ever really had to wait all that long though so maybe I've just been pretty lucky. Service here has always been average. The food is delicious. Our steak has always been cooked exactly has we like it. There was one time that just the outer side was a bit burnt, and the server immediately made sure he got us another one. I always end up getting the prime rib just because it's always cooked well, it's soft, and delicious with horse radish. They also serve these little fried onions on the side and some grilled veggies. I get the smaller size option and it's more than enough :) Make sure to try one of their drinks as well!
Quick, convenient service with an extensive menu to choose from. I'm always a bit apprehensive about places with a list for a menu because that usually means the quality of dishes goes down. In this case, it sorta does.It's a quick bite for Chinese food. Portions are okay and I stick to fried noodles or sandwiches. Not that clean of a space from my experience. Really they need some upgrades to their furnishing but also new kitchen equipment. Even their tea pot was all stained with sauces And you just start to wonder what else is on there... Prices have seemingly gone up a bit, but such is life in this day and economy. I think it's about the same as any where else serving this type of food.
Place is very busy during lunch and dinner but it's a quick service so not really like you need to wait forever. The food was average. I enjoyed the curry dishes but mostly i look forward to eating bun at Viet places (vermicelli and veggies with random meat toppings to choose from). This place didn't really fulfill my expectations of the noodles dishes. I ordered the chicken dish which should have a skewered meat and they gave me twice the grilled chicken and just told me they forgot the skewer so here's the chicken... But other tables were getting their skewers after... Made no sense.. the food tasted average, though their fish sauce was delicious and I'm a huge fish sauce fan :)It was really messy there and the sauce holders were all covered in caked on spills which just really makes you not want to use it.. they seated us right next to the food window thing which was extremely annoying cause they just kept brushing right next to me with all these hot dishes. They really should not seat people there. Plus they kept screaming at each other through the window.Honestly no real desire to come back. I've had better Viet in Markham at better prices.
Nice small Hong Kong style cafe with limited seating and interesting menu. I'll review food and space and at the end discuss my experience being there with a large party for any readers interested in that experience. Food was good. I had the baked fish with dill and rose sauce which was a unique taste. The fish had a soggy feeling to it though because they fried it and then covered it in sauce so I much rather they don't bread the fish. I tried the fried rice dishes off my friends and they tasted pretty good. I'd say this place is over priced a bit though for a Hong Kong cafe... But you do get a bit more unique of a menu. The drinks tasted great as you would expect. I love my Hong Kong ice lemon tea :) milk tea was great too! The place was clean, but it is small so I think if you have a larger group, definitely call in for reservation.We booked a week in advance and they were able to accommodate a table for 16 which was very kind of them and we did what we could to be accommodating, quiet and organized so it's easier for the waiters. But one or two were still visually quite displeased with us and impatient with us. Our food arrived promptly as we did not expect them to deliver all dishes at the same time. It's no different than if you were waiting on four tables of four; we just happen to be sitting together. I found it a bit rude considering how much we were trying to make sure it was easy for them to serve our table. To be honest, there were five other tables... It's a restaurant that holds maybe 30 people...So is not exactly slammed in the small space... One waiter was friendly and the rest were just rude.
Decided to have a lunch date with my boyfriend since the office gives you an hour lunch. We were craving some pho (though we didn't end up ordering it) so we stopped by here. Parking is a nightmare, but just be patient and try the camping technique haha!The staff here are not the best. Didn't answer any of our questions about the menu and were extremely impatient. They weren't even busy, which is what annoyed me about their attitude. I got the vermicelli and you get to choose two toppings. I had shredded pork and the sugar cane shrimp. Neither were very good, but they didn't taste horrible or anything. I just added the fish sauce and some chili to make it a bit more palatable. They really lack any flavour in that dish. My boyfriend tried the curry beef brisket with a side of rice. The curry was a good portion size and flavour was okay. Again, nothing really special.Service, while rude, is quick, so we easily had time to spare for our lunch hour. Food arrived really quick in good portions. Decently priced. It's a nice spot if you're looking for something quick.
Food was okay but each time I've been here, I've been either not greeted or simple just not seated at all. Twice, we've actually just seated ourselves because no one came and the server just said, sit in there and I'll come find you. Terrible. What the heck do their hostess do??? I've come to them multiple times and it's happened each time.
They are pretty inconsistent here. A few times I had excellent service and the food was amazing, and then there's other times when it's the total opposite. So im giving it a humble three stars because the food is quite delicious. I really like when they gave a special menu for the seasons or just the catch of the day. They make fantastic sauces to accompany their dishes and the seafood has yet to really disappoint. Service wise, sometimes we got welcomed right away, others, I had to go get someone to tell them we were at the door. It's a little frustrating because the restaurant is pretty well lit.... Though they do have that dimming atmosphere. But at the door, it's so much darker. Kind of puts you off when you walk in cause then it makes it look super fancy when inside, it's more if an upper scale casual dining restaurant. Some servers remember to check up on you after a minute or two of giving you time to review the menu, others tend to just stand there and stare at you and over load you with information until you order. Some just say they'll be back and don't return until twenty minutes later. Fine by me though cause the seats are comfortable and you are slowing down your own turnover.  Would I return? Probably... Cause the food is pretty good... But the service really needs work
The food here is pretty good. There's a nice variety and the few times I've been here have been consistent. I usually get sui mai and the chicken feet cause that's what I enjoy at dim sum. There's always something new to try and it's usually okay.The decor is interesting and I like the paintings, too bad they aren't really painted. But still a good choice of art to hang up :) the waitresses here are wearing weird uniforms like little maids. I think it's a little weird and I have yet to see a male server. It's like they're going for a theme but it's a Chinese dim sum restaurant.... Doesn't make a lot of sense to me. I do appreciate the large windows though cause it brightens up the restaurant a lot! If you don't mind waiting for a table, come for the dim sum and not the atmosphere :)
This place is good for wontons and noodles if you're in the area and got a real hankering for the dish. I would probably drive out a bit east for better though...The noodles are decent and broth isn't overly salty, which I appreciated. The wontons were pretty good and very filled so I like seeing that in my bowl. Great value, and a really inexpensive meal. mind you, some people may have to get two bowls haha!I would really not recommend getting the beef though. People are saying it's so soft and melts in your mouth.. but it's really not natural for beef to be so... soft and breakable. This wasn't a beautiful type of melt in your mouth freshness, but rather I tasted the freeze burned beef that was marinated in something very strong for too long that broke the protein down into an unnatural sort of mushy feeling.. I didn't like that at all as a texture person. So I would stick with the wontons. Try the chilli oil by the way :) Not bad!
I buy from this Owl on Sunday's when my go to place is closed. It does the job if you're really feeling like pork bone soup but it's certainly not impressive.Price and portion is fair but taste can definitely be improved. I hope to see them do better over time.
Same good taste and service you can expect from a well run franchise. I come here for drinks often and their evening happy hour specials are very good! $5 Caesars, $5 pints, $6 wine, etc. They make really good drinks overall!This keg also has great nachos. I like how the dips are served in tortilla chip bowls. They get extremely busy on weekends so watch out. I don't think they take reservations on weekend evenings either after a certain time so heads up.
The restauant is tucked away in a plaza full of food and it could be difficult to find for newcomers. The menu is made up of 1990s style printed photos that give off a feeling of mediocrity. The food is decent, I'd say 6.5/10. Seating is right and price is average to slightly above average. I go there on occasions due to proximity but there's better options within another 10 mins drive.
I don't understand how this place isn't rated higher! The venue is comfortable with open space and high ceiling. The food is large in portion and tasty. The price is reasonable. Their veal and chicken sandwich with eggplants is amazing! The pizzas are very good as well. I've tried quite a few things on the menu and so far nothing has disappointed me.
This place is often very busy and you can expect line ups during weekends. I like that they serve purple rice and have good side dishes. Most of the time I get takeout and it's no wait. One fewer star due to tight seating, wait time and slightly above average pricing (though still cheap in general)
went to this place on monday for some good ol' dim sum. i have been here several years ago, but not for breakfast or lunch, just dinner. first off, the food was okay. there wasn't necessarily anything in particular that made me go like DEAR LORD TAKE ME HERE AGAIN. i ordered 1. Har Gow or shrimp dumplings which is a MUST for me every time i go yum cha - this tastes okay; just rather dry - the shrimp was quite fresh2. Steamed Turnip Cake with dried scallop - quite good  - not a fan of the little shrimps in there but still good3. Sticky Rice with Chicken wrapped in lotus leaf - idk, but my mom didn't seem to enjoy4. Pork Rice Roll (Churn Fun? Chun Fun? idk but all you Chinese ppl out there YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN RIGHT ?!?) - i actually liked this - i like how the outside is very soft and chewy-ish; hard and rough rice rolls are not the way to go for me - the pork was a bit too fat for my liking5. finally the GOON TONG GOW ?! (shark fin and seafood? dumpling soup)  - relatively okay; could've used a bit more flavouring  - no msg (yippee)  - okay amount of sharks fin (i don't think it's real though?! idk LOOL)  - this was a special item so it was $9.5SO YEAH; other than food the decoration and interior is quite nice. it looks very classy and you know very fine-dining-esque. waiters were okay and um yeah das it** the food came quite fast to us ; 4 orders came in one go BOO YEAH?!
This place is alright. I never wish to come here on my own free will. I only ever come if my parents decide to. Generally, the food is meh. I feel like they have their on and off days (off days being more of a frequent thing). Sometimes it tastes okay and sometimes it straight up tastes like trash. Also whatever the fk they're using to wash their dishes with...IT BE HELLA STRONG LIKE the food literally just tastes like dishwater and soap like .... bruh I did not pay no god damn $15 for dishwater-tasting rice.  This is a special I never asked for. Their service is quite questionable. To be honest, a majority of the servers are super inattentive. You tell or ask them for something, they forgot and so you end up having to awkwardly ask them again. Also, one of the dudes made me feel quite uncomfortable cause he stared at me only ... even when my parents were talking to him, he was only staring at me .. like pls stop i don't need this much or this kind of attention LOOL I think they added a few new items to their menu and I would like to advise everyone to stay away from their "ramen". I got sucked in thinking "OH, MAYBE ITS LIKE JAPANESE RAMEN. - WRONG YOU DINGUS. YOU IS AT A CHINESE RESTAURANT. THE RAMEN IS GON BE CHINESE STYLE!!! -" So yeah I got the special I believe and legit it's like this thick noodle with cha siu and stuff like that like ...?!?!???? Flavour was weird and hella sweet. Anyways yeah meh place for Chinese food. This cannot and will not replace the Congee Wong at First Markham Place :'(
this place used to be my "home" when i was little. i remember always getting their minced beef rice with a raw egg on top, their spicy radish cubes thing, their egg noodle soup and their chicken wings. from what i remember, they tasted pretty good (that's prob cause i was too little and my taste buds haven't fully developed yet LOL) anyways i decided to go back after not having gone for so long and i must say it was a huge disappointment. i got the minced beef egg rice (rice was too hard and gross), lychee bubble tea (100% do not recommend; boba was terrible), their egg noodle soup ( it was pretty good), and their shrimp dumplings (har gow) (TERRIBLE NOT FRESH) never gonna come again dawgs
this is by far the worst owl of minerva i have been to. at first i liked their bibimbap but after trying other places i have come to realization this restaurant does no good in the bibimbap department. i tried the mandoo (steamed dumplings) and they were pretty alright, after a while (which didn't take very long) they got cold and the outer layer become like rubbery hard) i also tried their kimchi jigae (SOUR AS HELL) and the seafood jigae ( NOT VERY GOOD EITHER) their side dishes were pretty standard, nothing special (i found a hair in my food x( )
This is a decent restaurant to come to for some korean food. Why? First of all, their food is mediocre. Nothing is really good enough for me to go like "PRAISE THE KOREAN FOOD LORDS" Here's what I got:1. Jeyook Bossam- steamed sliced marinated pork served with lettuce and oyster kimchi- meh - marinated pork my ass ...it didn't really taste like anything and it ESPECIALLY didn't taste like anything with the lettuce wrapped around it - oyster kimchi was pretty good though - meat was a bit tough for my liking 2. Kimchi Jigae- decent, i have had way better 3. Gamjatang- not bad, but could be better 4. Jajangmyun- pretty good...too sweet for my sensitive taste buds Other than their food, the other reason why this place is decent is because of the waitresses. Personally, I find them pretty cruddy and just rude? They don't seem to give a flying fk about their customers and they tend to not pay attention to their surroundings. Like look ahjummas and agasshis, don't you see my waving arm that is about to break off? STOP TALKING AND GET WORKINGOh yeah, their banchans were fairly okay. Nothing outstanding about them. They don't particularly have a side dish that really stands out so yeah.
Went here for a quick dinner. This place is actually always packed whenever I pass by it so I assume the pho must be good. I wasn't really feeling for pho so I got the Laksa Noodle Soup. I have never tried Laksa Noodles before so this was my first and not gonna lie, it's not too bad. Would I get it again? Maybe not. It's essentially just like a curry broth with a few shrimps & vietnamese sausage slices and two different kinds of noodles; some sort of thick egg noodle and vermicelli? Taste is not bad. I'm not really a fan of curry anymore so when I first put it in my mouth I was like aww...bummer. Noodles were fine; they were cooked just right. The shrimps and sausages were...questionable. Not a huge fan of them...(I LOVE BOTH SO YOU KNOW ITS SAD AF) Place is a little dirty looking LOOL SORRY BUT everything looks bleh. Our table was covered with water stains and other oily liquids. And the placement of one of the tables is like wtf? It's literally next to the hole where they bring out the food...like what if your hands slipped and it spilled on the customer? :/
okay place for some japanese food. im pretty sure this place is run by koreans.anyways food wise, it's decent. i feel like their menu lacks variety and there just isn't a whole lot to choose from. oh and it's quite pricey too .... z z p.s. they have a complimentary orange for you at the end of your meal which i guess is pretty cool (it was hella sour though so LOL)
I had to go to Costco to renew my membership and since I was around the area, I decided to try this place out. If I'm not mistaken, there used to be a Green Grotto at Market Village but I have never tried it.  p.s. I like their little mascot out front TOO CUTEAnyways, upon entering I was quite amazed by the decor and overall look of the place. It really felt like I was at a cafe. We were seated quite quickly. I don't know why but for some reason I was quite confused eating there. There were no servers at the front of the store so it made me feel like I had to order right at the counter, but the server came to our table so it also felt like I was at like a restaurant?!? I don't know. Kinda threw me me off a little. LIKE DO I RAISE MY HAND ?! DO I WALK TO COUNTER?! But MOVING ON. WHAT DID I ORDER YOU ASK? WELL LADIES AND GENTLEMEN I ordered a few things to satisfy my hunger: 1. Fuji Apple Iced Tea- surprisingly very good- not too sweet, not too bland- too much ice though 2. White Chocolate Blueberry Cheesecake - pretty good- not really fresh though but didn't taste stale - and too sweet for my liking - presentation is good 3. Sausage and Minced Pork on Rice with Egg- mediocre - too salty - had better ones- minced pork isn't minced enough SO YEAH, menu wise I do wish they had more food options. Not just desserts and drinks. I felt like I was a bit forced to choose the sausage & minced pork rice since the other food options didn't really appeal to me that much. Other than that, their stuff ain't bad. Expensive, but it ain't bad tasting and HEY THEY CAME WITH COMPLIMENTARY POPCORN WHICH DESERVES A HELLLL YEAH because I was craving popcorn and the craving was satisfied. ( They also gave me quite a lot too .. oh yeah baby; however I do think it's a bit too salty) OVERALL OKAY PLACE BUT THERE ARE BETTER PLACES SO YEAH oh and I don't know why .. but all of my orders came pretty fast and it was quite busy too SO IDK BOUT OTHERS BUT YEAHSHHAp.s.s. they should hire more ppl or get the guys do help that one poor girl (which actually happens to be one of my high school classmates LOOL) out .. like literally she was the only one taking orders, getting bills and so on. p.s.s.s. i caught an abra and weedle here woo....
this place is starting to go downhill for me...the food doesn't taste as good as it used to and some even lack flavour. no bueno no bueno... also some of the servers are literal poop just straight up poops
first of all, when i first came in there was a huge line up.. it took about 20-40 mins for us to be seated which is pretty atrocious. when we finally got seated we ordered right away (pan seared dumplings, fried rice sticks. peanut sauce noodles, soup dumplings, the giant dumpling with supposedly shark fin and meat inside, wontons and this jelly dessert) at first the orders came relatively fast and OMG THE PAN SEARED DUMPLINGS WERE SOOOOO GOOD, the rest were meh. we tried to add two more orders of those dumplings and it took about 30 mins for them to arrive AND when they FINALLY ARRIVED THEY DID NOT taste as good as the first batch which made me want to cry   like others said.... their food are WAY overpriced for what you get. especially that jelly dessert i got. i am quite aware that the pictures on the menu can be quite deceiving but it was nothing compared to what i -- no what my family had witnessed. literally we were expecting like a standard radish cake amount of the jelly BUT NO THEY LITRRALLY JUST TOOK ONE 5 BY 5 CM JRLLY DESSEY AND SPLIT IT INTO FOUR AND THAT WAS FOUR FOLLARS DOWN GNE DRAIN. it was seriously like a 2.5 by 2.5 piece of jelly that costed $1 like my dad is still complaining about it and it's been like three weeks ... oh and their serversare literal crap like rude and just rude this restaurant would have gotten a one star but that pan seared dumpling (first batch) saved its crusty assoh and don't expect to be full cause you're not going to be full ... if you decide to be brave and wanna try their food go ahead but im warning yall, you ain't gonna be full you're gonna have to end up going to heros or subway next door
after having read so many good reviews on this restaurant i decided to give this one a go..so i was somewhat feeling curry that day so i decided to get the chicken curry with the roti and my mom got the chicken rice dish which was recommended by the waitress. i also decided to try the evaporated milk tea drink.so first things first, the curry roti was alright. it tasted pretty standard to me.. nothing really stood out. the evaporated tea was alright too.. it was quite interesting but i thought it tasted pretty bitter which is a no bueno for me my mom let me tried her chicken dish and THAT was actually pretty damn good LOOOL however, I don't know if it's on purpose but the chicken tasted kind of cold. i would've preferred it to be at least a bit warm. would've made it taste bombtastic! but yeah
this is a pretty nice restaurant for thai food. i really like the decoration inside because it somewhat makes you feel like you're at an authentic thai restaurant. i come here quite often and most of the time i would order the thai bbq pork. (im not a huge fan of the other food too much because i usually hate how some thai food taste sweet to me like homie i would rather just eat a dessert and go xD) this is a part of their lunch combo and so it comes with a bowl of tom yum soup and two spring rolls .. moving on to the taste of the bbq pork, it's really good! the meat is chewy and a little crispy on the outside which really brings the whole thing together. there's this nice sweet and spicy sauce that you can eat along with the rice or pork! rly good whenever i feel like splurging, i would get the beef (or pork i don't really remember which). if you get two kebabs it comes with this really bombass peanut sauce. goes absolutely beautiful with the taste of the kebabs MMMMMMM
Rating: 3.5W0oOooOOOOOOHOOooOOO! I finally got to eat here!!  *cue hallelujah music* After many months, I VIVIAN, HAVE SET FOOT INTO THIS RESTAURANT. CAN I GET A WAYYOOOOHH??!LOL anyways yeah. I was thrilled because I love Japanese food and I have read many good reviews on this place. Also, I heard this place is run by Japanese people which is AWESOME!  I feel like it's quite rare to find Japanese restaurants that are ACTUALLY owned by Japanese people around Richmond Hill. It's like trying to find a shiny pokemon out in the wild. SUPE R DUPER HARD AND RARE!!Alrighty, enough of the chit chat. Let's just get RIGHT INTO THE FOOD PORTION. I got the Nabeyaki. That's actually all I got.  It was like $16.50. I'm not rich enough to afford anything else after that like nope. It's basically a noodle soup (you have the choice to choose between soba or udon; I chose soba) traditionally served in a clay pot. It came with a variety of different tempuras (shrimp, sweet potato, broccoli, and eggplant), a poached egg, a few chicken meat pieces, and I believe spinach. THIS WAS SO GOOD! Like wow. I BURNED THE ROOF OF MY MOUTH BUT ITS ALL GOOD. NO WORRIES CAUSE WHEN THERE"S GOOD FOOD IT DOESN"T EVEN MATTER IF YOUR MOUTH IS ON FIRE. Jokes, but forreal I literally couldn't stop smiling. Now that I think about it, the soup actually tastes really similar to satoimo nimono (its kind of like a stewed taro).**okay i just found out that both recipes uses practically the same ingredients SO YAY I COULD MAKE THIS AT HOME CHEF VIVIAN IS BACK IN BUSINESS!#!!Although, it tasted really good, the price was not good. I feel like if there was maybe seafood or whatever, it should cost that much, but considering the fact that these are relatively cheap ingredients, I would say it should be cheaper. But that's just my opinion of course. Oh yeah, maybe it's just my monstrous appetite, but I wasn't EXACTLY full. **more side notes: i did not like how soggy my tempura got (its kinda gross ya feel me) and i think for the $16.50, they could throw in a small bowl of rice (it would complement the leftover soup so well i think ;'D)Overall, good restaurant with nice decor, good nabeyaki (even though its my first time trying this, its still the bomb.com), and relatively nice service. Despite all that and the rating, I don't necessarily think I would come back. With that $16.50, I could've walked to Yummy Sushi (which is like diagonally across from this place? ITS CLOSE BY OK) and ate to my heart's content. I would probably even have a bit of money left over and get myself a god damn donut too. LOOL But yeah, still worth a try.
Decided to come here for lunch. It was my second time coming here. I remember for my first visit, I got the baked spaghetti (which includes tomato soup) and dear lord I HAD TO drown myself with water. Everything was SOOOO SALTY !! Like damn y'all. Second time around, got the exact same thing and a lil bit better. The soup was still too salty though. They really do need to chill with the salt. I like my things salty but that was too much for me. The baked spaghetti wasn't too salty which is nice, however they could have been more generous with the cheese. Oh, and the actual pasta? noodle? (however you like to call it) was kind of overcooked. For this meal, it also includes a drink (all for $9.50 which is not too shabby; quite a big plate). You can get tea, lemon tea, ya know the usual. If you're a student, you can get bubble tea. Remember to bring your student ID though. The drink itself was meh. The tapioca was too mushy (stuck to my teeth) and I don't know, for some reason the drink left my teeth feeling so gritty and rough like o_0 !!?? ??? Although, this was a relatively better experience than my first...I have to bring this rating down by 1 star because immediately after I finished my meal, my stomach started to rumble like a mad man. No joke. I think their stuff ain't too clean? sanitary? SoOo Yeah. Oh and I'm like positive one of their staffs dropped a clean fork on the floor and put it back in the clean fork bin (the ones for customers) ..:: .... . . soo um. .?! Highly doubt I'm gonna come here again.
absolutely terrible im sorry but everything about this restaurant makes me want to hurl and i swear to all the ramen gods that i will NEVER set foot into this place again.first off, i find the servers extremely awkward (maybe it has to do with the fact that they are young and inexperienced yet but still) second, the ramen was just dreadful. i got the spicy flavoured one with: sea salt, pork belly and thick noodles. the ramen was not your typical Japanese ramen. to me it was like idk spaghetti noodles like EXCUUUUUSE ME I AINT GONNA PAY NO $10 for SOME DAMN SPAGHETTI NOODLES also it wasn't cooked throughly (still tasted a bit hard) the portion was too small for what i paid for and not to mention the presentation was just an embarrassment. i would've taken a picture but i didn't want to burden my phone with such a horrendous thing. the flavours weren't very compatible and the chilli oil had a weird aftertaste idkanyways yeah overall just terrible. and i got a real bad stomachache after it now lemme say HOMEGIRL here has a pretty strong stomach but yeah this caused me to feel extremely disgusted and expect to sit at the toilet a few times just saying LOOL  oh yeah another thing i find it ridiculous that I have to pay for extra toppings like excuse me?! WHY DO CHOPPED ONIONS HAVE TO BE $1.00?! AM I PAYING TO EAT ONION GOLD?! DOES IT TAKE THAT MUCH SKILL TO CHOP SOME ONIONS LIKE jeez sorry my opinion but yeah redonculous.
Went here for dinner (since the korean place nearby was closed sadly) AND BOIIIII I DO NOT LIKE THIS PLACE AT ALLThey have a HUGE menu like damn. I had a hard time deciding what I wanted to eat, but in the end I chose the nabeyaki udon. Now I had pretty high expectations because the nabeyaki I had at Toshi Ryoriten was pretty bomb, but of course they didn't even meet 1/4 of my expectations. Not gonna lie, it tasted okay at first. But the more I ate, the more I hated it. It was EXTREMELY SWEET LIKE EXTREMELY. No doubt from the onions and possibly the mirin. But wow like LEGIT. My tongue felt like it was covered with a few layers of sugar particles. No matter how much water I drank, it couldn't get rid of the sweetness. It was like super-glued to my tongue. Holy shit monkeys. Worst thing ever. I usually finish all my food, but I really couldn't with this one. Anymore and I think I'm gonna get diabetes no joke. I also got to try one of their sushi/sashimi platter things (the one that is like $42 or something) and nah mate. It was pretty bad too. I think I had the tuna sashimi and it was not fresh at all. It was like mushy in my mouth and VERY fishy tasting like yup I tasted the whole ocean in my mouth. MMMMMMMM -.-Will not and can not come here again. (As I'm typing this, I'm reliving the moment I was there and dear lord I feel sick)
i have been to this place two times already and gotta say, they have pretty good food. the first time i went here i got the angus beef ramen with the hell spicy soup base (the server told us that it was gonna be REALLY SPICY so my mom was like pls make it less spicy). i also got the snow crab California rolls or something along those lines. the ramen was pretty bomb however it was a bit too salty (idk if it's because they removed the spiciness or what but yeah) the noodles were up to par to my standards and yeah overall very good. i found it incredibly hard to finish though because they gave me SO MUCH RAMEN like damn akasaka you guys are very generous with your ramen LOL anyways so yeah by the time my sushi arrived i was like dear god HOW THE HELL AM I GONNA FINISH THIS i managed to eat all of it (it was alright, i felt like the crab tasted quite weird with the coconut shreds?!) oh my mom got the black pork ramen (BLACK PORK WAS SOMETHING I WANTED TO TRY FOR SO LONG AFTER WATCHING THE SONG TRIPLETS EAT THEM ANYWAYS) it was pretty yummythe second time i went i got the angus beef ramen again (THIS TIME WITH THE HELL SPICY SOUP BASE), a sake raspetini, and an a5 wagyu beef dish with assorted mushroomsthis time the ramen tasted hella bomb. not too salty like last time. the beef tasted really good as well and i managed to finish it all unlike last time (prob because i was hella hungry) one thing that disappointed me was the fact that it was not spicy at all. like its nothing compared to how spicy the servers said it was LOL ..anyways the sake raspetini ain't bad. literally tasted like the blue flavoured ice cream Popsicle by nestle with a bit of alcohol in it (I could legit make it myself this very moment; doesn't need to be $9) next the beef tasted rly good. literally melts in your mouth. it was $58 for just 3oz (I KNOW RIGHT MY MOOONEY) but the server did tell us that it was the highest quality (A5 is supposedly the highest so meh) so yeah yall ramen/sushi/japanese food lovers should come here. pretty bomb ass food oh and btw they do have a pretty high class menu just saying and they also do teppanyaki as well
their food is alright. prices are relatively cheap and they are pretty generous with their portions. i don't know they just taste like your standard chinese food so don't rly know how to say. i like the soup they give you LOL (im positive it has msg but whatever tastes okay to me) i went here one rainy school day with my mom like back in October 2015. we were seated next to this lady and her niece. see, i hate sitting next to someone so close. just rly makes me uncomfortable and half the time i find myself eavesdropping into their conversation LOL (the lady burped which made me wanna hurl. doesn't help she was so close and i can smell it nsjsososj) umm.. so yeah it's usually rly packed and there isn't a whole lot of space to kind of walk and stand around. Opting for takeout would be ideal if you don't wanna deal with such things
Oh ya!!! My co worker and I have been going around Markham and Scarborough to find the best.  In regards to the quality of the meat this place wins. The roasted pork skin was crust but not overly greasy and the meat was seasoned well and tender.  I find some places salt the hell out of the meat.  Only draw back is that it was rice and pork, I expected some veggies like other places but if I am rating specifically the meat, hands down best so far.
My mom and I came here for lunch.  I swear I've had the same food at metro square at the curry spot, they both looked, smelled and tasted alike.  Anyways I ordered the curry lamb and my mom ordered the oxtail noodle soup.  They were both full of flavour.  The service was great too, they got the food out quick on a packed lunchtime.  I'd go back here for sure and recommend it to anyone.
4-4.5 easily.  Amazing food, amazing service.  Family owned place with Nonna cooking in the back...if there is a Nonna i know the food is going to be good.  I have tried their rice ball, sopreza sandwich, and veal sandwich and all were excellent.  Have been back already and will continue to.
I frequent this spot with my co workers for our "Long Lunch Fridays".  We always get the Panzo because well, that is what they are known for and they do not disappoint.  It comes out piping fresh from the oven and loaded with toppings (would they be called innings??).
Great spread including brothes and sauces.  Great service all around and try the desserts they are yummy.
3.5Slow serviceWaitress spilled my Guiness on meShe was cute but she was talking with her hands.....it was bound to happen and i knew it!!!!! i purposely moved my Guinness so she would not knock it and took a sip, stupidly i put the drink back...2 secs later BAM LOL she was cute though so she was lucky but we never got cutlery to eat our goat cheese app, it took her awhile to take our order.  Once we ordered we got the food in good time.the wings were tasty but there's no wing night there??? hello!! all in all not bad, i would go for the wings again.
4.5! It's simple call your place Fresh Burger and it sets the tone.  Everything is made FRESH!All the patties looks like they were made the morning of and not frozen.  You can even see someone in the back peeling potatoes for their fresh hand cut fries.The menu is straight forward...burger and fries.If you are going to make something simple make it fresh and amazing...they succeeded!See you again guys.
Can't get enough freshly made dumplings in my life.  This place was recommended by a fellow food lover and i trust his taste.Obviously the dumplings are good but you need to order the general tao chicken aka crack.Check this place out.
3.5 Stars.Not a bad spot to get a quick lunch.  They have lunch specials that are $5.75-$6.75 that includes a pop and soup.  I tried the curry chicken on rice and it was good and the portions were filling.  I would for sure come back here and try another item on the menu.
Came here for dinner with my sister and my niece before Thor 2 (good movie by the way haha).  We ordered a bunch of little plates from the menu and it was delightful.  I was really impressed with the dragon roll.  Every sushi place makes this roll so i am impressed then they did something different or just made it so damn good.  I didn't even need to dip it in any soy sauce (i usually don't anyways) because it was seasoned really well.  All the other plates we also impressive.  Service was also really good because the seared tuna came out with peanuts and i said "Don't worry about it i won't eat it" but they insisted they return it and bring a fresh new plate without...thank you!
Two words...Oreo Cake OMG i think i put the pics upFood was nothing special but their drinks were tasty and the Oreo cake....made my night.
Came here with work people and i was impressed with the service and food.Lunch Special:Manchurian chicken (dry or gravy) with rice and a soup or pop $6.95 + taxes.The food was very flavourful unlike other Hakka places i have been to where it was bland.  Will be back for sure.
Been going here for years and still loving it.  It's simple yet delicious and quick, you can be in and out in 10-15 mins.  The wontons are packed with shrimp and the homemade chili sauce is bomb dizzle.  A must try of you are in the hood.
I went in today just because it was close to 10 pm and I was almost positive that if they weren't open now, they'd never be open.  So I decided to give it a shot.  Their desserts - same high quality and same great taste.  The boss - same attitude.  I really really wish I could give this place a higher rating - I really truly wished I could.  But that customer service was just not on par.  She presented to me with this stand-offish attitude, which got me started up being all stand-offish.  And finally, because of *my* attitude, she got a little bit nicer.  Seriously?  I really don't enjoy being rude to someone to get customer satisfaction.  I gave it another star because 1) it was finally open when I passed by and 2) the boss was nicer towards the end.
I came back the other day and I must say that I had a more positive, different experience.  I had some different things this time: 1. Satay chicken & beef: I honestly think that this was better than the lamb.  Both were quite tender and of course, their sauce is perfected to a T. 2. Chicken, beef, & lamb roti: All were great this time.  They did miss out again on our chicken roti order.  If I were to choose b/w the three, I would say beef & lamb are my favourite in these dishes. 3. Indonesian fried rice: My mother ordered non-spicy.  Would have been SO much better if it was spicy.  Thus, I cannot give a real review of this yet...will go back and eat the REAL version.  4. Fried sea bass: Delicious!  We had garlic sauce over it...and it was so good!  If you aren't scared of eating fish with the bone in, definitely try this dish!  You won't be disappointed. 5. Pad Thai: Regular pad thai - I have yet to taste a really really really good one though. 6. Sago pearl dessert: I wish they just used coconut sauce...b/c the caramel makes it way too overpoweringly sweet.  7. Coconut crepes: Bland...if you like coconut shreds, then you may like this dish but it wasn't super.  overall, their service was much better this time and I had a more enjoyable experience.  I think I just ordered more traditional dishes this time and I was able to be more adventurous this time without a bunch of squeamish girls who wouldn't eat anything other than chicken.  Back to 4 stars :)
Average Chinese fast-food restaurant.  I must say that before a lot of people discovered this place, the service was a little better.  Today, they neglected to pack my drinks with my take-out portion of the food.  The Hainan chicken rice was also way too salty today but traditionally, it has been mediocre.  XO sauce beef rice noodle is pretty good.Unfortunately - very atypical of Asian restaurants, service is quite slow when it's busy.
Finally!!  A place in York Region that has genuinely delicious sashimi!  Came here without a reservation and the lady was kind enough, on a weekend to give us a reserved table as long as we could give it back by 7 pm (we came at around 5 pm that day).  We ordered one toshi course to share and it was absolutely incredible.  I haven't had such fresh fish in a long time.  However, one of our courses, the sushi, came with way too much wasabi and it essentially washed out the fish flavour, which I was disappointed about.  The unagi wapped in tofu and seaweed was extremely delicious.  We ended up also trying their spider roll, which was also good but was actually pretty small. We ended up ordering another cooked dish, which ended up being good as well (unfortunately, I've now forgotten what it was...so clearly it wasn't too memorable).  But if you're looking for high quality fish, this would definitely be the place to go.  I think I'll tell them to hold off on the wasabi for my sushi next time.  As for their other izakaya dishes, they are also good but I would probably just come here for fish in the future.  Service wise, it was a bit slow but we never felt rushed despite only having the table until 7.  I think we were actually more antsy about the fact that we had to give the table back then they were :).
I remembered at one point when Panera first opened, their food was less airplane-ish and out of a box.  Now their food just tastes blah.  I guess I wouldn't get anything that has meat in it because their chicken tastes like it was soaked in preservatives for a while.  Their food was not entirely fresh.  Service was actually quite good and because I had so many orders, the kind lady even offered me a ginormous bag.  If you're looking to grab something quick and easy, that's the only time I'd go here.
This place deserves a 3.5 because it's not like they're actually horrible but their quality if definitely is not as fantastic as other places around this area.  Their quantity is abundant and usually when I order one of their lunch combos, it is awesome because I have enough for dinner as well. I would stay away from their fried rice but otherwise, everything seems decent.  Would definitely go again for convenience :)
I rare ever give chain stores a 5 star rating so they're usually a 4 at most.  But when a chain store has a rating like this, it's because their service was mediocre.  I enjoyed the kale/quinoa salad quite a bit the other day and decided to re-order it at this location along with a margherita pizza. My kale-quinoa salad was quinoa-less and the portion was SO tiny.  Albeit still being full, I couldn't believe I paid $16 for two tiny little bowls (we requested it to be split).  The other Moxie's I went to had much more reasonable portions.  On the flip-side, it probably means my caloric intake was less...(yay! more chocolate for me! :P).  However, so much for the chocolate because I specifically asked for dressing on the SIDE.  My server even REPEATED it back to me.  And when it came...dressing was already mixed in.  Gross.  There's nothing worse than over-dressed salad, which is usually what happens and did happen in this case.  The margherita pizza was also mediocre at best.  I don't know why it's so hard to do an even cheese distribution but my pizza looked like it had a skin disorder with multi-focal aspects of alopecia.  Cheese was seriously lacking and the crust was way too thick. Overall, this particular location earned 2 stars from me for mediocre service, mediocre food, and that salad...my goodness.
Shortly after writing to the Swiss Chalet headquarters about this incident, I received a call apologizing for the inconvenience this had caused.  The individual on the other line also informed me that they would be sending the manager to extra training classes, which I am grateful for, because truly, he needs a lot of work.  I appreciate the fact that they've addressed this issue in such a prompt manner and mostly, for their apology and for that, I've improved my rating.
This was my very first time at any 3 Brewers and a group of us initially were going to go across at Alice Fazooli's.  One of the members in our group had this brilliant idea to saunter across b/c he had a good experience at the Mississauga location.  I was SUPER hungry so this review might not actually be 100% accurate but I went with a safe option - the chicken & bacon poutine w/ upgraded maxi fries (beer battered).  They were...phenomenal.  I was totally blown away.  I think my fries could have had a little more gravy on top but otherwise, it was perfect.  I was actually quite surprised there weren't more people here considering it was a Sunday afternoon.  The whole plaza, actually, seemed a bit...quiet.  Definitely give this place a try if you ever pass by this area and wonder which of the 20 bajillion restaurants you are going to go to.  Their flat-bread also looked delicious and one of my friends got it and she definitely finished it up!Finally, they do have local beers and they make their own.  Everyone enjoyed a glass of beer and for the fruity alcoholic drinkers like me, they even had beer cocktails including a rasp-beer-y lemonade, which was delicious :)
2.5***So many Hong Kong style cafes opening lately I can't even catch up. Since its closeby and saw Jennifer K. Review it i decided to come here for brunch today.Ordered: the satay beef vermicelli with 2 eggs and 2 slices of toast... $4.99 only.. quite a deal i would hafta say.... quite alot of beef slices with heavy satay sauce. Family member ordered eggs with corned beef sandwich.. @ 3.99...average price The pricing is acceptable. Food quality is ok.. nothing memorable that would make me desperately wanna come back. Jus an average hk style cafe....10% off during grand opening
This place was packed on a Sunday evening and I was shocked due to the long wait. Considering this small mall was all about foods, i think there's only 5 or 6 restaurants here but this mall the only one that was packed lining up.Having said that, we finally got a table after a half hr wait...we ordered the infamous curry, beef broth noodles, spring rolls and some appetizers.Overall, the price is considerably good for the portion and taste. The curry was spicy enough but slightly lacking fragrance in my opinion.We ordered a big bowl of pho and that was just average, it didn't have enough flavour for the soup base. It wasn't bold enough, considering the fact that thr soup base is one of the most important items in the pho...All in all,  a place I would come back but may not drive out of the way to come...
Living up to their Yelp review and I'm blown away with service, food quality and ambience...truly immaculate place... yes it is further up north drive but let me ensure you won't be disappointed... We ordered calamari, beef tartar, octopus salad, half chicken, penne alla vodka, seafood spahghettini... everything was simply divine and did I mention the service? They kept coming back to checkup on us asking if everything is ok...Beef Tartar was simply delicious...grilled calamari was grilled to perfection...penne was al dente with the perfect amount of sauce... all portions were perfectly sized...there is nothing negative I can say about this place... The prices were acceptable in my personal opinion,  they have a diverse list of wine..from $35-200+, the wine list is not available on the website...so you really need to see the list upon arrival...If you would like to bring your own wine, that's also an available option for a corkage fee of $29 which is acceptable in my perspective... All in all,  a great place to bring your date or dine with your friends who also love food and wine!
I didn't write a review for this place?! Seems like I've been goin slow withh my reviews.. no worries updatttin now... My girlfriends and I tend to always come here since its the closest restaurant with ok quality...Love the patio during the summer months but it can be packed allll da time..We don't get enough hot weather here...the appetizers r always yummy here...we always tend to order the spinach dip and nachos...Hmm...so yummy!the mains here are an A-OK..nothing that really screams "this is so delicious"...I like the environment and the service...they tend to come check up on us quite often to see how we are doing..All in all, one of the places I would come due to proximity and ok service..=D
Finally opened a new place here! been way too long....My friend suggested that we come here for dinner. I didn't even know Golden Harvest even took over this place. I enjoy the fact that there is photos for every item on the menu. It makes my life so much easier because I can't read simplified chinese..The food was A-OK...nothing really wow'd me in terms of the food. Everything was just OK. Nothing super delicious that was memorable.We ordered quite a bit of food. The portions were decent. I may be back when I am in the area but I won't go out of my way to come
Deer Garden is one of the originals that created, pick your own soup, noodles and toppings..love customizing my own without having to consult others...Lol... The classic soup base is probably the fish soup base which is milky and light, not overloaded with salt  (+1star) onto choosing toppings, for $9.75, it includes 2 toppings which is ok, you can always add more choices by adding $1.75. Keep in mind tho, there are quite a bit of side toppings already included without extra $$, (+0.5 star)You can get a drink from the menu for an extra $2 or if you want bubble tea...it's more...additonal to the side of your noodles, you can choose from the list of 6-7 items for $2.25...like 3 pieces of spicy chicken wings or cutlet pork chops, which is a nice addition to your big bowl of noodles...(+0.5 star)They are always sooo busy, and line forms during busy dinner hours...All in all, a place I'm coming back over and over again without hesitation!
Coming here based on previous good reviews and fb reviews... I did have higher than regular expectations for this place... Came on a Sunday afternoon after running all my errands. Arrived at closer to 3, realizing at the door that they close from 3-5pm. We were still able to order food.  I wasn't sure if it had anything to do with the time we arrived, the pho soup was watered down to quite an extent so I was kind of disappointed. We ordered the Viet spring rolls, 1pho, and a rice. Nothing really screamed to me and was super delicious... Everything was quite average,  in food,  ambience and service... I may come back at an earlier time, giving it another chance for the pho broth...It is a bit pricey for pho around Richmond Hill and Markham area compared to other restos..
The review of this seafood place is for dinner that we experienced as a group. 2 times within a month. So I think I can have my say in this place now...First time, when I called for Father's Day dinner. Booked more than 2 weeks in advance. Was advised in advance that we would only have the table for 2 hours, which is totally fine. We were somewhat expecting the dishes to be like Fishman Lobster House in Scarborough where the seafood is topped up and we would be stuffed...from our previous numerous experiences...so we ordered a 5 person set dinner for 7 ppl.. The food dishes were particularly small,  in comparision, the ambience and seating area was better than Fishman Lobster House...(1 star)...nothing was Wow or spectacular in terms of taste...lobster deep fried, fish had a muddy taste, steamed king crab was the best thing perhaps... Around 7:15, when all the dishes arrived and we started eating maybe a quarter thru, they kept on asking us if they can take it and pack it away...I'm like is it time for us to give the table back? They said no. So why were they rushing us leave? They claim 2 hours but they want you to leave before 1.5 hours..epic fail....( minus 2 stars) I want to enjoy my food and company, not gobble down and leave....this is not a hk cafe... please...The second time, same thing, rushing us to leave and realizing after the fact they didn't provide all the dishes on the menu..So that's their business strategy..sit down, order the most expensive from the menu and rush you to leave so you won't have time to enjoy and figure out what was missing from the set...I have way better places to spend my $600-1000 dollars please  with way better service and food.... not coming back...
Yeah finally opened in Richmond Hill! opened 2 days ago, located across from Moxies, Jack Astors and etc..The milk tea is so gooood! A *must try *...tea base is very bold... As to the breakfast... just not there.. I can't have my luncheon meat deep fried... oh please.. why is my luncheon meat deep fried... sighs... It's suppose to be pan fried.. it's half self served like the one in Scarborough, you go and buy your food at the counter and pay. Your food will be bought to you shortly.. The food needs to be improved. I'm giving it a 4-star is ONLY becuz of the milk tea... maybe I'm being biased.. But just come and buy the milk tea.. you won't regret it!
First off, Let's talk about the food and service. We made reservations but I didn't understand the point of that because we made reservations for 7:30pm but didn't get a table until close to 8pm. So reservations probably didn't mean anything to them. The door,  waiting area, was crowded, people were coming in from the front and back door. Food: curry crab is very yummy, satay grilled chicken kabobs, veggies with garlic, green curry, grilled oysters.. food is up to par...both times**Service was the part that seriously upset me. First experience, waitress was super pushy which made me feel uncomfortable. Second experience, were quite rushed to leave. Food came super fast and I felt like being watched to eat..once we finished the food, someone came to pick up our dishes. This is not a place for you to sit down to enjoy food and have chit chat still for more than 1 hour restaurant. You come here for the food...eat and leave...Tables were squeezed together with close to no space between tables to either walk and/or going to the washroom.All in All, this place is an A-OK for everything put together...Yes to the food..No to the service!
For the love of dim sum and good service.. I fully recommend Dragon Boat...there is always a lineup here for dim sum mornings on weekends...and NO RESERVATIONS before 11am...boo... The food, ambience, service is something I've not been disappointed here every single time...yea I know they might be a bit on the pricey side but you gotta trust me on this one..the food is 85% consistent in quality which is surprisingly high for a Chinese restaurant... The servers are quite attentive which won my service star... Lol...I like the way the food is presented...no in the traditional circular steam containers..love the shrimp dumplings there cuz the shrimp piece is bigger than other places for  sure... All in all, my first choice for dim sum..
This place has been open for awhile now. First time there, wasn't a memorable experience. After a long time, this was my second time and boy has it changed. Nice and comfortable seating area, nice utensils and great attentive service. Food was delicious. We ordered thai platter, green curry chicken, coconut rice and pad Thai. Thai platter was proportionate (shared between 5 ppl)..sauces included was quite flavourful. Green curry was also delicious, the spicy taste was an after taste. We also ordered coconut rice served with it. Young coconut rice was creamy up to par. Served in a young coconut. Delish! Pad Thai was an a-ok..had better elsewhere. Desserts: tapioca cakes and coconut overall cream was good. Tapioca cakes were a little over sweet. Service was attentive and food was quite good. All in all, this could possibly be one of the better Thai restaurants uptown.
3.5***Made reservations in advance and they clearly told me that I can only be there for 1.5 hours max...which was kinda a turn off..Sashimi was quite fresh yet the Uni slightly did disappoint me considering that the price was 8.95$ for 2 pieces.. hmm....We ordered the sushi platter excluded tuna sashimi as we were all not tuna fans..presentation was good and price point was acceptable...service was a little bit slow to be honest maybe due to the fact it was a Friday evening...all in all, a place that I will come back when I'm in the area..It's kinda out of the way to come here for me..
Since Hipot closed it's doors, this was the next closest thing we could find!! They were pretty packed on a Wednesday evening but I really don't think that should be an excuse for super poor service. We called in advance to ask how much it was for a child (age 3.5 yrs old) They told us $4.99, we were ok with that price. As we arrived, we advised it was 6 adults and 1 child. The server/waiter told us it would be $12.99 for the child instead. We were like, we called and was initially advised $4.99. The waiter was being rude and said "ok fine, whatever he told you"  Really? get your pricing together people. The child was so young, she barely even ate anything. When we ordered food according to the "choose and pick" list, we explicitly put 3x of EACH of the veggies but we ended up getting only 1x of EACH veggie. We had to continuously wave our hand to get some sort of attention (minus 2 stars) from our waiter/server, every time we got "coming, coming" but they always forgot about us. They ended up giving us some type of "hot bowl rice" which we didn't even check off. Basically, we got stuff we didn't order and didn't get stuff we ordered. What was the point of that again? (minus 1 star)The owner/boss was the worse when it comes to service. I really don't know how he gets business with that type of attitude and service.The only reason, I believe they are surviving, it's because HiPot and 100 degrees both closed down. Without competition, everything goes downhill and they still get business.All in all, don't want to come back. The reason I will come back is probably peer pressure and I have nothing else to eat except for here. So you get the picture!
Originally we wanted to try Koi Ramen but it was closed for CNY so we ended up coming here. And it was a disappointment for me, I'm sorry. Rated at 4* by quite a few ppl gave me high expectations probably. So I had a very different view from the rest of the reviews here. We were all quite hungry, 3 of us,  we ordered steam dumplings, bean curd stir fry, fried chicken with spicy salt, fish with green beans, spicy beef noodles..the bill ended up to be $70+tip which is quite a bit considering only 3 of us. Our fried chicken came out bloody, they took it back and said will make a new one. Yes I know, it's a Chinese place and 99% of them don't do that. They re-fry the bloody one and send it back out but come on, at least make a quarter of an effort looking like you did. My friend had one bite from a piece and it was on the "new" plate... eww...minus 3 stars please... The yeah(s):- prompt service (not all evening, part of the evening)- price? --The nah(s):- Food was overly salty - not visually appetizing - our fried chicken came out with blood  they said they will make us a new one, but they didn't- all servers only spoke mandarin...- .we ordered the fish but it's basa fillet from frozen, how could it still taste fishy?All in all, not a place I'm interested in coming back, at least for the next little while...
BEST BAKERY FOR CHINESE EGG TARTS AND PINEAPPLE BUNS!! Somehow they always manager to sell out all the egg tarts :( but they are soooo good. The pineapple buns are bomb if you are lucky enough to arrive at the store when its freshly baked. I dont think they speak english though.
I'm in love with this place. It is my go-to place when I crave for rolls. Their sashimi isn't too bad either for the price (although you can definitely find better sashimi restaurants in markham). I have been here at least 10 times, highly recommend the Rich Roll, Rainbow Roll, Lobster Roll and Sashimi Combi 1 (i think it is a lunch special?)Service is great, the ladies there are very welcoming and polite. No split bills for Thursday and Friday
I have tried almost every flavour of cake they sell here, and they are truly amazing. They are made with the perfect amount of sweetness, and the flavour of the layers are creative. But what keeps me from going here anymore is the customer service -Once I ordered a cake through the phone and arrived hours later to pick it up. The cake was ready and they brought it to the front to box it up. I took out my card and was ready to pay. A mother with her kid (i assume) entered the store and the worker who was boxing my cake started serving them. I didnt mind if she answered some questions..she basically left my cake on the counter, helped the mom and kid, and cashed them out while I was standing there holding my card...Another time I was in a huge rush, I told the two female workers there that I was in a rush, and they didnt have to box it too nicely. I waited in line to pay for the 4 pieces of dessert i purchased..after the person paid in front of me, the two ladies went to the back (into the kitchen) to chat and laugh...? for a good 5 minute. I asked them several times if i could pay but they just told me to hold on a second.....unbelievable.
I came here for their cheap and well known lunch special. Although the meal was very reasonably priced (Chicken Terriyaki for $12) and it came with a lot of food, the quality was just not good....I would not even pay half the price for it.It first comes with green tea, then 4 tiny sushis that looked and tasted like they have been out in kitchen for a while..kinda soggy and soft....The chicken terriyaki part was fun, the chef put on a nice show, but the taste and texture along with the plain veggies were just not good. The best part of the meal is probably the dessert. Highly recommend the ginger ice cream!
I came here during lunch and ordered the green curry  chicken. It is a part of their lunch special menu. The curry was good but they did not give many vegetables or chicken in the curry. It also came with a side dish/appetizer - soup and spring rolls. Soup was awful. But for the price you pay *lunch special*, you get a decent amount of food.The evironment is perfect for a thai restaurant but the service is terrible. No water refills, took us 5 minutes to get a waitress's attention.
Food was pricey but delicious. Presentation and atmosphere is classy. A great spot to try out indian food.Been there 4 times and the servers were always very welcoming and nice each time. They always had the patience to explain each dish to me (im not indiam). Will definitely go back!!
This location has one of the better wings in my experience. Fries were on point like always!! Came here for half price wings on Tuesday, recommend coming here no later than 5 if you do not want to wait!Service was terrible..asian girl with dyed blond hair was serving us. Had to wait 15 minutes to get her attention for the bill. Checked up on us (a party of 7) only once.
5+ stars for the food, 3 stars for the service -We ordered the tataki roll, boston roll, and Uni shushi. All 3 dishes exceeded my expectations..I was especially blown away by how much food and how superb the quality is for its price. The tataki roll is filled with scallop, and topped with torched tuna. The scallop melts in your mouth and the tuna adds the perfect hint of after taste. The boston roll was fancier than I expected it to be, with one of them topped with Uni (my all time favourite food). The avocado in the boston roll was very creamy. Uni sushi was fantastic for its price, $7 with lots of Uni on the rice! I will definitely come back again for all three of the dishes!Serive is where we weren't too happy about. To be blunt, there wasn't much service. No one checked up on us or refilled our tea. There was a button for us to push to request for service, which was fine and absolutely understandable; however, our waitress never returned to our table (forgot to refill our tea) twice after asking for tea refill. In addition, it was just weird and slightly awkward to press the button 10+ for tea refill, tea refill reminder, etc during a meal. The server's attitude was very sweet and kind though.
Best shrimp wonton in Toronto and GTA. The filling is filled with huge shrimps, and just shrimps. They don't fill half of it with veggies, or pork, or dough, it's just shrimp. Super cheap and quick service. You can be out of there in 15 minutes. You can also purcahse pre-made wonton to bring it home and cook it yourself. That's how you know the quality is good. They close pretty early compared to other restaurants in the area.
Surprisingly the store did not smell a lot like smelly tofu! I came for the smelly tofu. I'll review that a bit after but starting with atmosphere. Its almost always packed in the evening. The place wasn't too loud. Sometimes it was hard to get a servers attention as it was packed. The hostess/server looked a bit lost at times but I guess that was due to the heavy crowd.The set combos are definitely worth it. Three side dishes, main dish, soup, rice and fruit for about 10$. My companion and I shared that along with smelly tofu and I believe its called a green onion pancake roll with beef inside. I love eating this dish (in general) and just know what its called in Chinese haha. The beef onion pancake was a bit more salty than I expected. Usually I eat it from other places with more of a sweet sauce. So it was just OKAY. A bit too salty for my liking.We ordered the popcorn chicken combo and that was delicious. The smelly tofu was alright. It wasn't as savoury as I expected. I was expecting more of a "smelly tofu" aroma when biting into it. So it was kind of lacking the aroma.Overall, it was a good experience, will definitely go back still :) prices were pretty good.
Fast and great service! Comfortable and friendly environment. Tried a couple of things on their menu including wings, ribs and steak. All on par! I especially loved the ribs. Tender, juicy, and just the right amount of sauce. Half price wings on Mondays too. Will definitely be going back.
Currently my favorite sushi place. I've tried both the small and large love boats and must say both are amazing. The selection on the large love boat is impeccable. The fish is always fresh. Theyre sweet shrimp and yellow herring are my favorites. Their salmon belly sashimi melts in your mouth. Their rolls are pretty good too! Their sake is really decently priced. We came in one night and stayed for an hour and half after closing. They were really nice and even gave us a big 8 piece soy paper, spicy salmon roll on the house (after closing). That could because we are regulars there, but they sure know how to keep their customers satisfied and coming back. Their service is usually great! Maybe once I received mediocre service. But overall, a great sushi place. Really fresh sashimi. Am definitely a regular when I'm back in town.
I come here multiple times a year. There arent too many choices uptown to get macarons and cakes. I wouldn't necessarily come for their macarons. They are nothing special and sometimes stick to your teeth which is a big no no !I love most of their cakes ! My favourites include : green tea red bean sesame, RUELO (tastes like ferrero rocher), pistachio black currant (doesn't really taste like pistachio but tastes good still as a cake), guava strawberry and white chocolate exotic. My very very favourite would be the green tea red bean sesame. These three ingredients just go so well together. There is a bit of a crunch to the cake with a thin layer of red bean, not too much! This would be my go to at ruelo. I've also tried their afternoon tea. Nothing special. I would probably not pay the price to go unless it was the only choice around.I would come for their cakes, not their macarons !Service is slow and sub par. Not very polite but hey if you jsut grab and go its fine!I would give this bakery a 3.5 but since I come so often I guess it gets the 4 :)
Very fast service! I usually come weekends for lunch. Usually no wait for tables even though it is really packed. This is probably because of their quick service and quick turnaround.Food is decent. Portions are decent. Good for families. Dishes for sharing. Your typical Chinese congee and noodles place. Parking can be difficult sometimes since its a small plaza with many eateries. Usually the wait for a parking spot isn't long even during busy times.
Bottomline: they stood behind counters and sipped on their drinks til we asked for service.. After exhchanging glances. Maybe management has changed? Or in fact, maybe there is NO MANAGEMENT whatsoever. We walked in Monday evening. No one in line. Four people working behind the counter. I have never been to panera before so I was looking forward to a good experience. However, the service was so bad. I didn't even want to eat here after. I signed up for a rewards card online and it told me to get the card in-store as I've heard downtown locations are good. I walked in and told the cashier Ive never been here before and want to get my loyalty card. She had no clue what I was talking about and was not polite at all. I would expect some explanatiom on how the pick two even works.. After i told her this is my first timeShe just walked away and grabbed her manager after giving me a look.. The manager came and didn't even speak a word. She just looked at me and I handed her the card number. I proceeded to ask about the menu and she either ignored me or gave me two word replies. After she gave me my card she just walked away. we continued to just STAND THERE.. while the other servers who were pretending to work in the back/kitchen -sipping on their drinks- . we had to actually blatantly say out loud "can we get some help here?" Which we absolutely hate to do. After this.. I just got my pastry and left. Did not bother having dinner here. I will NEVER BE BACK.
This place certainly lives up to its hype! I came with 2 other diners for lunch and the bill was racked up to $140. A bit expensive, but mostly worth it. We ordered a lamb rack, clams, curry crab, Asian pancake, veggies sautéed in shrimp paste and a bowl of noodles. The lamb was tender and delicious. Two pieces were a bit more cooked than my liking but nonetheless still tender and very flavourful. The dish came with six pieces. Next came the clams. Wow, I never see such full looking clams at an Asian restaurant. They were definitely a good size and had tons of meat on them. The dish was delicious. Curry crab was definitely my favorite. The curry was so flavorful with just the right amount of kick. The sauce was amaazingggg. I used the pancake to dip the sauce. There was so much sauce in it that we took it home after. I would definitely be back for this crab! Service was like any other chinese/Vietnamese restaurant. Is it authentic Vietnamese food? Probably not. Seems more like a cross between good quality Chinese food with good quality ingredients and Vietnamese styles.
All round good place for fast yummy food! Service is quick and so is their turn over rate. When it gets busy you will have to share a table. But its fine since people come and go real quick. Its almost like a fast food restaurant! Tea and water is self serve.Compared to before their broth has slipped a bit. There certainly tastes like there's more MSG. the vegetables for 2.50$ is definitely A LOT smaller than before. They call it a personal portion. But it amounts to about five small stems and five leaves. Don't get me wrong though, the food is still delicious. the wonton is PACKED with flavour and shrimp. The fish balls are alright. Nothing too special. Spongey and soft with a bit of chewyness. I will definitely be back when I am looking for a quick bite! Prices are also reasonable!
I keep coming back to Thai Basil. There don't see to be many Thai restaurants in the 905 area so j can't say this is my favourite, but it probably would be.This time I tried their Thai Iced Tea, Friend rice baked in  young coconut and baked seafood in red curry. Curry here is always delicious and flavourful. Slightly spicy with hints of sweet creaminess. No flavour overpowers one another and instead compliment each other very well. Whether this be red or yellow curry, it is always delicious. Not to thick and not too runny. The fried rice in coconut was also delicious. The rice was fried with coconut juice and also strips and chunks of coconut meat/flesh. It was aromatic and sweet tasting.I can't wait to go back and try more!
This place is always packed. They give you an electronic device while waiting.. One of those that beep when your table is ready. I rarely see this at Asian restaurants. Their service was typical Chinese restaurant service.. Not really attentive and you have to wave them down.As for the food... Well I prefer the one in Scarborough. Their portions felt smaller. The noodles.. I could taste the floury dough.. It did not taste like the dough was thoroughly mixed. Maybe I will go back next time and see if that was just a bad batch or their chef just makes it like that.One thing I liked was their lamb skewers. Meat was plenty and flavourful!When we got our bill they tried to bring us another bowl of noodles and charged us for it too..the waitress was confused. When we asked whether or not a bowl of noodles was ready (since everybody's arrived except one) they assumed we wanted another one and went ahead to place the order. When we politely told them we did not order it and would like it removed form the bill.. They asked if we could just pay for it and eat it as take out...
Nowadays, it's hard to find a good Vietnamese restaurant. Fortunately, there's Little Saigon :).This place opened up not too long ago and was relatively unbeknownst to the public at the start, but had gained a lot of traffic, for good reason too!My typical order is the Pho Tai Nam - rare beef and flank steak, and I usually compare Pho places by this. Their pho is very clean tasting and doesn't leaves a lingering oily film in your mouth afterwards - the one thing I absolutely despise.Their bun (vermicelli) is very fresh and tasty and the spring rolls are still very crisp and their filling has a nice balance of flavour.There's only good things I can say about Little Saigon, but only time will tell if this standard will continue: take Pho Quinn for instance (feel free to check out my review there too).
Good noodle soup selection and the service is usually pretty fast, so if you're looking for a hearty lunch or dinner, Deer Garden is a pretty good joint.The price has gone up more recently - somewhere around $9.00+, but for what you get, you can't really complain.The only real downside is the accuracy of your order. I've had a couple orders with ingredients that I didn't select, so if you're picky, take your chances. Your odds are good though... around 75%. If you're into spicy things, consider the Szechuan soup, just don't get those peppercorns down the wrong tube :)
I've passed by the Major Mac & Bayview area a lot and always passed by Restorable Malaysia but I took the time to stop by for lunch.Ordered the Chicken Red Curry with a side of coconut rice & Pad Thai. I spent most of my life eating Jasmine rice, so I was really excited to taste the rice on its own. Very creamy and delicious, I could honestly eat out by itself.After a couple of bites of the Red Curry, I was constantly grabbing my glass of water... a bit saltier then what I was expecting.The Pad Thai was mediocre at best - I didn't get much flavour and the noodles were a bit drier than usual. At times, I ended up mixing the Red Curry and Pad Thai together to get a decent balance.It's really unfortunate since I've read a lot of good reviews on this restaurant. The servers were very nice regardless, but I wish I could say the same about the food.I'll definitely consider giving this place a second shot though.
I've been to this Scaddabush location several times in the past 2 years, and I've had mixed experiences every single time. Don't get me wrong, I think the service is fine - my irk lies within the dining room floor: the kitchen. Here's a few times that I can recall.1st visit - Fairly new, as they took over Alice Fazoolis and the food was really good! They had pasta with a spicy tomato sauce that would make you do anything but "fuhgeddaboudit"!2nd visit - Company Christmas party and experienced their set course menu. Nothing special, but it wasn't as good as the first visit.3rd visit - Pizza was alright... think it was their meat lover's pizza (or whatever their equivalent is). Nothing special here either.Recent visit - Got their Smoked Bacon and Egg Pizza... really bland - needed to find that smoked bacon for any ounce of flavour, and it was pretty sparse...It hurts me to see a restaurant do so well at the beginning only to have their food quality drop over the last few years... Maybe I'll reconsider the fuhgeddaboudit...
Writing down your list of restaurants for the winter season? Go ahead and put Buk Chang's Soon Tofu restaurant on your list. When you think of Korean food, Soon Tofu isn't the first thing that comes to mind. Eating here though may change that.If you opt to order one of their soon tofu soups, you get the option to choose what spice level you want. Extra spicy, regular spicy, less spicy, or none (or "white" which is actually the colour of the broth, not the skin colour, for those of you who read that absurd article...)I got the regular spicy Dumpling Soon Tofu soup - two pieces of dumplings, beef, soft soon tofu, topped with a small egg which you crack and plop right on top. Very hearty and flavourful. As you make a dent in your soup, you can start to mix in the purple rice and finish it off.Afterwards, you are offered the stone bowl of leftover purple rice and water to cleanse your palate. The soup itself is a bit on the oily side, so having this is perfect.If you're not feeling soup, I recommend the spicy pork.  It has some heat to it, but the pork is really tender and juicy. The sauce it's covered in makes the dish so good.Definitely a must try if you pass by one, either downtown or in Richmond Hill! A refreshing take on Korean cuisine :)
Richmond Hill seems to have a good selection of Pho restaurants, and Pho Tai Bac is no exception. My wife and I originally intended to go to Little Saigon but the lineup was out the door. With a hungry stomach and an urge for Vietnamese soup noodles, we found this place.First impressions:+ Packed with people (didn't have to wait as long - their space is slightly larger than Little Saigon)+ Authentic (owners are actually Vietnamese)- Really cold (rainy weather, blasted AC, who knows?)- At busy times, servers are a bit inattentive (no utensils, had to call down server to get a ticket to write order)Ordered two Pho Tai Nam (rare/cooked beef) in a small and large portion size. The small is pretty standard in appearance, but there's slightly more noodles. The large is pretty filling and has a good balance of ingredients. Both are really well priced.The broth is pretty clean tasting and flavourful - just the right amount of seasoning. The meat is of pretty good quality; no chewy or overly fatty pieces. And judging by the plate, it looks like they actually clean their bean sprouts. Good by my books.All in all, a good spot for Pho if your favourite one happens to be full. If you can deal with the mediocre service, their pho is something you won't PHOget.
You can't really go wrong going to Jack Astor's on a lunch or evening outing. This location especially is really busy and chances are you'll have to wait a bit to get a seat.Nothing here is bad, but don't expect to be wow'ed either. There isn't much variation in terms of their menu items and I don't often see new things to try out, despite them changing the way the menu looks several times in the past 3 years.The servers here are generally polite. Depending on who you get, you may have servers that occasionally check in on you, and some that come quite often. It really comes down to the time of day and how busy they are. No complaints so far though!One thing I come here often for though is their Chicken Tenders. Now, you might be asking me: "Really? Chicken Tenders? Come on..." But honestly, they're probably one of the few places that serves pretty good chicken tenders. They're crispy, juicy, and really hot once it arrives to your table. I've had tenders at a lot of places, and some of them dried out on me before I even took my first bite.As for the other menu items, they're alright - you can find slight variations of them at different chains much similar to Jack Astor's.Good, consistent food and good service gives this place a 3.5 stars for me. I can only really see chain restaurants like Jack Astor's getting a better review if their service improves or they actually have the guts to put something wilder, while staying delicious, on their menu.
I looooove taro and when I get bubble tea, that's my go-to choice but all of the ones I had didn't meet my expectations... until last night.After a short walk around Hillcrest to burn off a dozen calories or so, I made the mistake of walking by Chatime... and placing an order... ironic isn't it? I opted for the taro milk tea with tapioca (less sugar and ice).I didn't expect much, but as I stabbed the lid and began to srink, I was really surprised! I don't know if this is new for all Chatime shops but the taro milk tea had little chunks of taro in it - and that REALLY made it for me. The bubble tea was perfectly sweet.From past experience, taro bubble tea was very grainy, presumably because they used the powdered version.This was WAAAAAAY better.I'm impressed. The only complaint for me is... those pastries from Bake Code are WAY overpriced. But that's beside the point.
I have not visited this restaurant for quite a while.  I went with my family for dinner.  I ordered a platter, lamb rack, curry chicken, pineapple fried rice and cod.  The curry is extremely good.  This restaurant is very famous for its curry, especially the curry crab that I did not order this time.  I recall people will piggy pack just the curry sauce after the dinner.  The lamb rack is better than a lot of the Italian/French restaurants.  It is tender, juicy, well seasoned and as we ordered medium rare.  The cod is average.This restaurant has maintained its quality over the years.  As it is a long weekend and I expect much less people, I found it is fully packed.  The restaurant is a bit crowded with the spaces in between tables but if you are looking for food, it is a good pick.
Look at the menu and found that the price is economical.   The place is decent.  The servers are nice.Lots of rolls are around $4 and the portion is huge.   The roll is around 8" to 10" long.  2 will stuff you for the whole meal.  We tried the spicy salmon roll and can't complain with the price.  There are lot of combinations of sashimi and sushi platter.  The price once again is very reasonable.  Although they are not the top notch quality but given the price tag, it is a deal.The fried udon's portion is a bit small and very oily.  It is not recommended.Overall, the place is nice and quiet. Service is good and the price is very reasonable.
Hot pot, hot pot!What becomes so special here is the table of seasonings that you can choose to blend and mix for you hot pot.  It is your own choice to have a bowl of saurce that fit your taste.  The beef slice is not the top grade but is very good already.  It is fresh and tender.  We did not order the seafood as the whole table is not keen on it.  There are a lot of vege that you can consume at the end.  The drunken wings is good for meat other than beef.  For pork as it has to cook longer and is not the favour of the day.  Unlike any other hot pot restaurant, there is cheese cake from Cheese Cake Factory. Of course, it is not included in the price of the hot pot.Be prepare that eating hot pot is always full than a normal dinner!
This is lately one of my favourite restaurant.  Not that I don't like this restaurant in the past but because it is so difficult to get a seat.  I mean literally has to wait for more than an hour, cut by half if you have a booking.  The line up is unbelievable given that there is not much parking space in the mall reserved for the restaurant with that size.  I always wonder where did those customers parked.The dim sum is one of the best.  The order sheet marked with the must have but most of the time when we have a seat and order, they are all sold out.  Oh I forgot to mention that in order for us to have a table and don't have to wait for so long, we decide to go there for dim sum after 2:30 p.m.   You can't believe it, the restaurant is still full.  The BBQ dish, not on dim sum list, is one of my favourite.  You can see that most of the tables have it.If I can have a reserved seat at lunch hour, I will always go there.  It is one of the top dim sum place in Toronto.
Didn't come to this chain for years.  The Garden salad is fresh. The Seafood Fettuccine has shrimp, scallops, mussels, roasted red peppers, spinach, green onions, tomato sauce at $20.28.  The sauce mixed with all the seafood makes it a delightful dish.  The Chicken Penne Alla Vodkawith Basil in tomato vodka cream sauce is good but I still like the Seafood Fettuccine.  We did not order the pizza but is very tempted next time when we visit as it has a very nice fire oven.  The dish size is large.One of the daily special catches our eyes.  It is a wonderful deal for $60 Family Feast for Four. Includes: 2 Apps, 2 Entrees, 2 Kids Meals & Desserts, 1 Dessert.  You can choose from the followings:APPS: Large Caeser, Parmesan Chicken Bites, Crispy Ravioli, Classic BruschettaENTRÉES: Penne Arrabiatta, Baked Penne Carbonara, Chicken Parmesan, Tuscan Salad with chicken, Italian Burger, TilapiaDESSERT: Cannoliand any 2 kids meals including dessert.
We went as a group of 7and ordered the Marlowelicious $25 set dinner menu.  The soup is too thick.  After the soup, I am already half full.  The entrée meat is well cooked but the sauce is very thick.  Basically all 7 of us agreed that the chef must be a salt lover.  I don't know whether it is because we order the Marlowelicious menu but the food quality that I had experienced with this restaurant before is much better.  I do hope that the chef can control the food quality no matter what you order.  I may give it any try.
It is Sunday at noon and is Mother's Day.  When first stepped into the restaurant, it does not have too many people.  But not an hour later it is filled and packed.  The service is all you can say like a fast food restaurant.  The server expects you to know what to order if it is your turn.  Be quick and precise, not to hesitate.  The food though maintains its standard.  Each of the different dishes that our group has tried has a good comment.  The club sandwich is large and thick, enough to fill up any person together with fries.  The ox tail rice unexpectedly the ox tail is cut into very thick pieces so it looks piling up on the rice.  The ox tail is very well cooked and tender but the tip you can still taste a bit of the raw tail - can be done better.  The chicken comes with a salad and rice and the portion is large.  The Borsch is tasty and a bit too much tomato paste.  Most of the sauces are really thick and can fill your stomach really fast.The lunch serving is very slow, may be due to the number of customers.
It is such a special night with lots of people.  We round up the whole aisle.  We have a group deal that includes all non-alcoholic drinks and of course AYCE Korean BBQ.Miso soup is not very salty.  The green salad is fresh but the sauce on top is average.  We have beef tendon, ribs, pork, chicken, shrimp, fish but no salmon, squid, and mussel.  The ribs are the best amongst all.  With the price, it worth the money.  In a good quality Korean restaurant, just a set of ribs for two will cost you $30 - $40.  Here it is AYCE.  We also order the sushi and hand roll.  Although on a Thursday night, the choice is limited but is good enough.  All pops, coffee and tea are included.  Finally we consume lots of ice cream - Mango or Green tea.It takes time and attention for the BBQ.  Otherwise, the meat will be burnt and leave charcoal on top of the metal plate.  Guests on one of our tables actually are so hungry to wait and put all meats on top of the metal plate suffocating the air flow and the BBQ takes so long.  We ask the restaurant to change for another metal plate and put less meat there and it turns out to be alright.The service is very good with waiters/waitresses walking around the aisle all the time.  The manager is very friendly and is proactive in suggesting ideas.  He is always within your sight.One of the consequences after the dinner is the BBQ smell being so well absorbed by the clothes.  No matter where that night you are going, people know you have a BBQ.
Always wanted to try this Korean restaurant.  The waitresses can speak both Korean and Mandarin.There are 6 or 7 different banchan including kimchi and namul (Korean seasoned vegetable dishes) that you can refill if you want more.  Gamjatang Jungol (Pork Bone Stew) is not too spicy (can adjust it when ordered) and there are 3 big Pork Bone with lots of meat.  Mix the soup with the white rice is so yummy. Dolsot Bibimbap - always like the Bibimbap in the hot stone bowl.  The server stirred it for us.  With the right quantity of hot sauce, it entices your appetiteGinseng Chicken soup has a strong smell of chicken.  For that night, the ginseng smell is light and overtaken by the chicken, though it is still a very good soup.The seafood fried pancake is out of our expectation and is the lowest rated dish for the night. It does not have the seafood smell and feel when you are eating it.Kalbi is average and not anything special.Overall the Gamjatang and Ginseng Chicken soup are the best !
Delicious food high class restaurant nice decoration but service  needs to improve a bit to match the rating
It is always so busy.  The menu is choose and pick for your noodle and toppings.  You can first choose your noodle, then decide whether to have greens or not.  Add 2 toppings for the normal price or add additional for extra. Most important is to choose your soup base. Plus your drink now you will have a tasty and full meal.   The hot drink is in a stainless steel vacuum mug and looks interesting. Each part of the noodle soup can have many choices, so as if you are preparing your own noodle in your kitchen !For different ingredients and prices, please see other yelpers !
Long time did I not have such juicy chicken when not at home.  This Portuguese chicken is good with the peri-peri hot sauce but I can only take mild and it's still good.  The price is a bit expensive.  You basically order your dishes and find a table to sit down.  The dishes will be served to you by the waitress.  The staff is polite.  The cole slaw is creamy and is good.  We also buy a Portuguese custard tart.  The custard texture is good except the crust is not crispy anymore.  I tried the same tart in Macau (previously governed by Portugal) that is so much better.
I have visited this restaurant recently twice.  The décor, cleanliness and the service maintains the same average standard with service a bit better most likely depend on the number of patronages at the time.Its main dish for the veggie which display near the door is worse than last time.  One of the bamboo skin somehow got deep fried.  Although it is not bad, there can be better one, even last time is better.  The fish soup has a lot of corn starch and is salty.  The pot of rice with Shanghai bean curd is not bad.  The spinach dish is the best both for its volume and taste.I will give it a 3 stars but if the food quality, especially the main veggie dish deteriorates, then a 2 stars is coming.
The lunch is like a Hong Kong Style cafeteria plus you can order dishes like dinner.  The quality is really average.  If I have to eat Hong Kong style lunch, there are better places.For dinner, I like their set dinner with both the lobster and grouper.   The lobster is of 5 lbs, enough for a table of 10.  There are various ways of cooking it though some has to pay extra.  Quite some time the big lobster is sold out and has to settle for a smaller lobster.  It is delicious to have the big lobster as every piece is meat.Tip: You can negotiate to exchange for another dish if the big lobster and trade in for a smaller one
When the owner changes hand, the new owner establishes this restaurant to be a seafood restaurant.   This is not a normal Chinese seafood restaurant.We order an Alaska King crab larger than my body.  It is shown to us that it is still alive and fresh.  It then becomes 3 courses.  The smaller legs are steamed with garlic and green onion.  The larger legs are steamed with another sauce.  The legs are each cut into halves for easy consumption.  The body and the claws are cooked with deep fried garlic.  Another gigantic lobster is shown to us I bet is more than 12 lbs.  It is deep fried with vermicelli noodles at the bottom.  All these seafood is fresh, fresh, fresh!  In order to accompany all these seafood, we order the rest of the dishes to be light like tofu and vegetables.The dessert has the 2 dishes of pastries like in a wedding banquet, another bowl of sweet dumplings with black sesame,  then the red bean soup and the deep fried egg white Chinese soufflé with white sugar.  The dessert is as yummy as the seafood.The owner always mingles with the customers well.  The service - ah we are too busy eating!  The food is one of a kind.  It is a must try seafood restaurant if you have not done so.
We try the chef's recommendation.  The chef is Chinese but he has the Japanese food fusion with the French cuisine cooking. The sashimi boat is excellent.  Not only is the fish fresh, the meat is shiny and thick enough to retain the texture.  There is no tendon and leave the whole piece of fish to be melt in the mouth.  The lobster appetizer is fresh but the portion is a bit small.  The lobster "brain" is steamed with egg.  The egg is so smooth.  The catch is the brain does not really integrated with the egg as if the brain is at the bottom while the egg is at the top.  Foie gras is not greasy and blend in well with other ingredients on the dish.  The sea urchin is the worst part of the meal that it smells fishy.  I have to immediately drink a cup of tea in order to continue other dishes.  The roe is excellent.  Overall the presentation is above average.  The service is excellent.  The environment is good as we have our own room.  The food has some creativity.
This is mainly a take-out restaurant.  It is better to order first before you come.The sushi and sashimi platter has many different sizes.  It includes tuna, salmon, white fish, mackerel sashimi.  The same types of fish are on sushi plus eel, shrimp and octopus.  You can see bigger portion is on salmon.  Octopus has only 2 pieces. Roll only of tuna. The fish is fresh but the cut is slightly to the thin side and the width is half to ¾ inches - not a big piece.  If you are looking for many different combinations and thick big slices of sashimi, then it is not the place.  But for average consumption, it is cheap.  I think it only accepts cash and whatever the menu price is what you going to pay.Before you leave, a free hand roll makes you happy
The environment definitely is for friends and family to meet together.  The server is very polite and always smiling.Bruschetta has fresh seasoned tomatoes, baby capers with extra virgin olive oil & crumbled goat cheese.  Though it has goat cheese, the smell is very light.  Together with Calamari that has popcorn shrimp, crispy jalapenos, candied ginger, sriracha aioli & sweet chili sauce are good appetizer to start.  The Nachos is fresh and crispy.Kale and Quinoa salad with poached chicken breast, toasted sunflower seeds, dried currants & grana padano is very healthy and is good for those who are health conscious.The New York steak though cooked to perfection for medium rare but the texture is not as comparable to sirloin.Salmon with whole grain mustard & dill, served with fresh green beans & wild mushroom salsa over baby potatoes is well presented and the portion is quite big.Overall, it is a restaurant that most people love to go, especially now is close to the Christmas
This restaurant is newly open.  I heard the first day when it is open, it is free !Now it's the third week.  It is packed at dinner time.  We waited for a while and decided to get the table at the patio.  It is uncommon for a Chinese restaurant to have a patio but it exists from the many previous owner.  There are not many waitresses coming out to the patio which is understandable as inside the restaurant it is packed.  So we gather our thoughts and put in the order at the waitress first appearance.  We are at the same time served with cutlery, tea and paper napkins.  When the food arrives, all dishes arrived at the same time.  It is served as if it is an Italian or French restaurant.  Everything is hot and sizzling.  The fish head hot pot is delicious with lot of fish meat.  The fish pieces are lightly battered.  The Congee is well boiled.  The fried vermicelli is a bit on the salty side.  The steamed vermicelli rolls served with peanut and seafood sauces.  Boiled vegetable is average.  The Chinese donut can be better.  The pot of steamed rice with chicken and mushroom smells good.  It is really cooked on the stove.  A lot of these pot of steamed rice these days are fake to have the cooked rice poured into the hot pot rather than the raw rice cooked in the potWhen the bill comes, it surprise me of only $10 per person with 10% off for open special.  Overall it is another choice for congee.
According to what are displayed on the wall and electronic billboard, I ordered the clam and thousand years egg congee, another soft shell crab fried rice.  The clam adds a fresh seafood taste to the congee which entice the appetite.  I usually have the soft shell crab alone and not mixed with anything.  But the fried rice tastes very good.  Though after a while the soft shell crab is not crispy anymore.  So next time has to eat fast.Although both cost a bit more than the normal dishes, it worth to try.
This is a high quality Japanese restaurant.  You can find a lot of fish that is not commonly offered.  The restaurant deco is decent.  The service is good and the slice of the sashimi are thick and delicious.  You can either order from the menu or you can delicate your meal to the staff who can arrange a chef table recommendation for you.  From the chef recommendation will have different sashimi, I mean sometimes the whole fish presented sliced into sashimi.  At the end, the fish bone will be used to boil a tasty soup.   Not to miss the desserts that are one of a kind - ice cream, crème burlee, pudding.If you are a sake drinker, here they have lots of choices.  I tried a Pears sake which is smooth, chilled and really good while and after your sashimi consumption.The blue fin tuna has 3 different choices from different part of the fish - they are so good and each has a different texture and your taste buds started to turn.  If you stick with blue fin, you will not like Hamachi and salmon any more.The grilled mackerel is grilled in front of you with a burner, very entertaining.The black cod is so flaky added a boost in flavor.All oyster, sushi and sashimi are so fresh.  The uni is large the length of your palm and superb fresh.The Sirloin Steak is really well cooked to medium rareThis is a must try Japanese restaurant if you enjoy your sashimi
This restaurant has moved a few times but still with the quality.  When you go in, you can smell the hot pot. Because the previous restaurant is not a hot pot place, that's why the ventilation seems not exceptional good for all the steams from the hot pots.  I have never seen in a hot pot restaurant that the beef is so high quality.  The meat and fat are evenly blended together.  When you order, I notice the beef dishes that come is always one less than what you order.  May be it is the way to control the waste of food.  It may also be due to the beef is more expensive.  I usually order what I like in the first round, see if I am full before ordering something different for a second round.  For hotpot, the final result is that you are always more full than expected.  Remember to order not just the food item but the quantity required.  Otherwise, every dish is for all the people on the table.  Sometimes I will let the waiter know that it is a trial dish and only a few slices will be more than enough.  In that case, there is no waste of food and you can try more.  The fish ball, beef tenderloin ball, wonton, squid ball seems like home made and are very good.On weekend, you can add $2.99 for a seafood plate.  It includes half lobster that is not written on the menu.  This is the only seafood plate for the night.  For $1.50 you can add a pot of rice or pots of different flavor rice.  An extra $0.50 for additional drink.  Only 1 dessert for each person.  Dated back few years ago, everything is included.  These are the food inflation in theses few years.
This is usually the hang out place after dinner or when there are friends from out of town.  The bubble tea is very expensive.  It is the atmosphere that counts.  Most of the customers are in the 20's or 30's that don't care about the price.  They can sit there for hours playing card, tablet, laptop or smart phone.  The waiter/waitress is polite.  Remember to call them when they pass by, otherwise you may have to wait a long time.  The ice dessert is good.  The cake, however, is so so.   Don't rate the food as it is a hang out place.
Small, clean place with good service - server came back a couple of time asking if we were ok.  Noodle was good and tasty! I would come back again for a quick ramen meal.
Visited Moxie's early Sunday afternoon and it's pretty chill compared to Mon-Sat, quite nice out on the patio.  There's a Sunday brunch menu and the Eggs Benedict was quite good.  We also ordered the veggie burger but upon the first bite, had to spit it out - something was wrong with it - either stale or old but I'm sure it was a one time thing and they did let us return it. Overall the service was awesome and would go back for other dishes.
Good Congee Wong quality food, if you know what I mean.   The service was very friendly and was the only Asian restaurant open before 9am on a Sunday.   Great prices for their breakfast menu (average less than $5 per set meal that includes a drink).  "Go to" place for early morning quick meal.
Great Jap/Korean restaurant in a small plaza off of Leslie in Markham/Richmond Hill area.  Prices are a little above average but the quality seems to be up there too.  BiBimBap is very tasty as is the Haru roll.  The Chirashi plate has good variety and good quality sashimi.  Been there many times already and can't find any faults other then they might be very busy at times and you have to wait, even for pickup/take out.
Newly renovated to replace the old Kenny's and it's a good difference.   Good service actually exists for this type of Chinese cafe style establishment.  Morning breakfasts are simple and well priced.  I would come back for casual weekend mornings anytime.
High-end dim sum place and it's actually tasty.  Offers the same types of dishes but presented in different styles and large portions.  It's always packed during typical dim sum hours and if you get in without a wait it feels like winning the lottery!Will definitely go again but will try to time it so I keep winning the lotto!
I've been coming here ever since it opened by my house but didn't realize that I haven't written a review!  Super cool neighborhood Italian place with dine-in and take-out.  Super friendly staff that are nice no matter what the ask (we've been picky a couple of times in terms of requests or seating).  The food is great - pizza from the fire oven, pasta many different ways and nice veal sandwiches!We visit regularly but do be aware of busy times - they get filled up fast!!
Super fresh and tasty but also comes with more $$...not the traditional restaurant type setting as its more like a fish market with sushi bar type seating and grocery store type isles for other products. They have fridges as well that store fish for take home.  Overall great place to get fresh fish!
We went on a long weekend Monday so it was easy to get a table - typical ambience of the restaurants in the East Beavercreek area, which is good along with the good service from all the staff.We were promptly visited by the servers with their large skewers and it's easy to say "yes" to everything that comes at first - tip: Take a look at the menu card on the table and give thought to what you want to try the most.  They'll come around again and again so you're guaranteed not to miss anything if you pass it up the first time.  The meats are tasty but some did come out tasting a bit overcooked.  Anything with "bacon wrapped" tastes pretty darn good.  The garlic infused and the Parmesan coated meats are also unique and tastes good.
Great noodle place to the west of Markham.  Started out quite popular and great service.   But very quickly turned into a run of the mill quick stop super fast turnaround and get you out the door establishment.  I'll go back for a quick bite but understanding what I'm getting.  Note: my last visit I found tin foil in my noodle soup.  They offered my a new bowl but I was almost done anyways.
Great "fast food" Korean restaurant.  I pretty much only do takeout here because it's always busy and if not, I'm it a big fan of the McDonalds type seating.The food thought is great Korean food from what I know.  The staff are all Korean and I usually either get pork bone soup or some bibimbap dish.  I've recently been getting their ginseng chicken soup (for the cold weather!) and it comes with a whole little chicken in the soup!  It's a nice clear broth, tasting very natural and great for a cold.  Glad they are in Richmond Hill!
Pretty great service for a movie theatre location.  The staff (at least my server and the hostess) were super nice and very courteous and quick to serve.  They know to ask "when is your movie time?" To ensure you get your food and to your movie in time!We ordered a few apps and drinks and everything was great. Would go for dinner before movie anytime.
Brand spanking new location to add to the growing influx of downtown-turned-GTA ramen establishments.  Same owner as the Touhenboku @Queen&University with a similar menu.   It's a mid-sized shop with 6 "couples" tables and 4 group tables. If you've been to the downtown location, you know the familiar noodle and broth textures - creamy broth and nice light ramen noodle.  In fact, after speaking with the owner, they bring in everything from the downtown location!  It's a customized menu so you get to choose virtually everything you want in the ramen bowl.   The home made dessert (the crepe) tastes nice, light and great after a nice bowl of ramen.  The service is excellent, almost over eager since it's the grand opening week here and it will be great if they keep it up.Will come back for my ramen fix any day.
Good quality dine-in or take out.  A couple of years ago they wanted to charge me for an extra tempura sauce.  Boycotted for two years and then decided to come back.
Nice cozy atmosphere for bubble tea place - lots of Asian magazines if you want to chill for a bit.  I didn't try the food but did have the Hokkaido signature bubble tea with grass jelly and it was good.I'd come here to chillax by myself if ever needed, especially if the Starbucks down the street is (quite often) busy.
Good staff, great place to watch a game. Food is great especially their flatbreads. Great portion!
Great place but Saturday nights be prepared for a long wait on take out or delivery.  Else dine-in seems to be good.   Online menu is up to date as opposed to the paper take out menu in house.  Good variety and great food!
Standby tea house that's always spacious, quick and has wifi.   The food is tasty but most come for the speciality drinks including hot teas and milk teas.  Service is courteous but not spectacular.  Would come anytime when looking for a late night place to chat with friends.
Hmmm, seems like I must have had a stroke and forgotten to review one of my favourite hometown sushi joints ever. I've been here so many times and yet I've forgotten to give them some review love? For shame Kris U, for shame.I'll start by letting you know, this is NOT AYCE, it's quality, sit down, take your time and enjoy your Japanese eats and sushi, not just eat as much sashimi as you can before the next order arrives. It's awesome, so pay the extra $$ and enjoy every bite!It's been awhile since I've been back and I had heard that the original owner had sold off his interests in this location before opening the Aurora location - could be true, can't verify it so if the team at Mi Ne is reading this let us all know. Regardless of change or not I've been before and after the apparent shift and I noticed no change in quality - still superb from your first sip of Miso soup and salad to you last shakey bite of your love boat. Let me tell you about the love boat actually. Two kinds of people eat the love boat in all it's glory. 1) People in love and friends who can share (I can't share), and 2) People sad that they don't have love, so they eat this solo and cry into their green tea about how their life has gone wrong. Kris U (aka me) in 2012/13 was definitely #2 (single tear). On more than one occasion I fat shamed myself after taking down a love boat and a specialty roll. I'm not sad that it happened, I'm actually kinda proud.If you're into quality cuts of sushi and trust my memory of this place, pay them a visit, just north of Elgin Mills and Yonge in Richmond Hill!Oh yeah and....EATCREST OUT!
This past weekend I returned to Abruzzos on a mission from the pizza gods. I was hungry and had brought a friend who was bold enough to Blaspheme that there was no way Abruzzo's could be as good or better than her local Pizza joint. Challenge Accepted!We arrived during the busy dinner hour on Friday and waited only a couple of minutes for a seat! Once seated we both agreed that my previous review of their Panzorotti would be the litmus test which would determine her scoring of this venue.To begin we ordered a small Caesar salad to share (it was large for 2 people, and there was some left over at the end of the meal). However, here is what we decided to order in each of our Panzo's.Her: A purist at heart my friend decided she wanted to KISS (keep it simple stupid), and ordered a basic Cheese and Sauce with mushrooms.Me:The seasoned veteran, knowing exactly what I wanted and went for it. Onions, Green Peppers, Hot Soprasatta (like salami but WAY better), Goat Cheese, and Mushrooms.To share:Bowl of their legendary marinara SAWSE The Verdict:Before digging in a sat back and watched my friend analyze the beast in front of her. Cutting into it and taking her first bite I watched as ray of light spread across her face, the corners of her mouth turned up in a smile and her eyes rolled up in the back of her head. One look from her was all it took. She immediately admitted defeat through full mouth and went back to the task at hand.  From my end, years of panzo consumption have helped me hone my topping preference and once again I was elated with the result Panzo Perfection.Abruzzo's Pizza 2 - Anonymous Pizza Parlours of the GTA 0
I was in the area yesterday and noticed that the former restaurant that inhabited this location was no longer there - in fact it had been gone for just over a year. In that time Aneal's Taste has opened bringing a little Island flavour to a virtually one dimensional and kinda drab, Village of Richmond Hill.It was slightly after the lunch hour and empty (even of staff upon first look). After a short wait Aneal himself came out to give the other customer in the store his order and take mine. I went with the large jerk chicken lunch meal and decided to dine in. After taking my order he went to the back and I was alone out front.The decor is simple but clean and classic, everything nicely organized and everything in its place. The music was a little strange as it sounded more like traditional Indian pop music rather than the Socca or Reggae I might expect from a Caribbean restaurant.The food came out soon there after with about a half chicken (in dark meat) of Jerk chicken, a healthy portion of rice and beans and a small salad. As Erwin mentioned in his review, it's a baked/roasted version of jerk chicken (not grilled) but it was very moist (fall off the bone) and had a great spicy flavour none the less. The seasoning was great but I was missing that fresh off the grill taste that goes so well with Jerk Chicken.The real surprise for me was the Rice! Wow, not something I get excited about all that often, save for a good Mushroom Risotto, but the rice and beans here are excellent. Jam packed full of beans and flavour, and moist! Not mushy, not dry, a perfect balance. You can tell they use fresh ingredients here as there were several fresh bay leaves scattered throughout the rice.My only complaint would be the salad, plain, no dressing, small portion. Not that I need a lot of salad but there wasn't even an option for a dressing (I mixed it with my rice so I could get some flavour on it). Fresh produce though, I'll give them that!Overall, a good experience and if in the neighbouhood, I'd certainly come back - I recommend you do as wellEatcrest Out!
Walked in today looking for a few things:a) Place to do some work with free wifib) a cold beerc) A decent lunchGiven that I had had good luck here many times in past I figured on a nice Sunday afternoon this would be a good place to get some work done. After being seated the wait time for a drink was abhorrent. I was one of 5 tables seated and I waited a solid 20 minutes for one of the two staff to come back. One server seemed to be doing all the checking around while the other was preoccupied in a corner booth with a grabby fellow I could only assume was her boyfriend.Finally got my drink order in when the wait for the food order began. Fast forward to 20minutes later and my order was taken. 1lb of wings and a cheese dog (given that it was so good the last time). Normal wait time on the food but when it arrived I was sorely disappointed. Here is what I found:- Wings, were not properly sauced, and extremely patchy. To make matters worse the wings were overcooked to the point of being hard. I left half my wings....- Cheese dog, much like the wings the hot dog was cooked to a hard brown shell, the bun had been over toasted and was rock hard. I'm sure this was an "off-day" but rest assured I'll be stopping in for only a beer next time, not food.
Stopped by here today after a meeting and was super hungry and being one of the only fast casual spots in the East Beaver Creek plaza I figured I'd give them a whirl. Walking in, it looks like it might be a fancier restaurant (it used to be a sit-down Mr Greek - so much of the interior infrastructure is still the same or similar) but it's a fast food style set up. Walk up to cash order and wait for your order on a tray before sitting down.I had a tough time figuring out the menu and my confusion only grew when I asked the cashier for some explanations on the menu items. I'm sensitive to English being a difficult language to grasp when you're from another country but it was a really tough interaction to navigate without getting a little frustrated when she appeared to be getting annoyed by me asking for clarification on what she was saying. Again not a huge deal, I just ended up pointing until we got there.I had the Sultani combo which I think was explained to me as a higher quality meat item, with a steak like kabob and a kabob kafta (ground beef) served with salad and naan. All in it was about $16-17, not bad but definitely bordering on pricey.The meal took about 10 minutes which was good with me since that meant they were cooking the meat to order and not simply warming anything up. The kabobs were nicely seasoned and cooked but having had sultani at Persian restaurants before I recognised that from a taste difference BK was to sultani what Sunset Grill would be to steak and eggs. It's "good" but not what you really wanted. I do have to agree with some of the other reviews that mentioned the salad is just iceberg with a side of essentially picco di gaillo (tomatoes), and the naan was not what you would expect when hearing naan - basically a dense bread shaped like a naan.Was it edible? Yes. What is amazing? No. Was it bad? Not really, it was OK. And that's not bad, I just think you can do better. The experience and the food were what I would imagine fast food middle eastern would be, much as McDonald's is to hamburgers and french fries - it'll never be the best burger ever but it will always do the trick.I'd come back in a pinch but with more time I'd explore other local options.Eatcrest Out
Big Stretch...Cracks fingers... Cracks neck .... Cracks Lobster shells??That's right folks you know an intro like that can only mean that I have got something to say here...and HOT DAMN - DO I EVER!!! On the heels of a Toronto UYE (literally it was a manicure/pedicure party), I was coerced weeks in advance by Jennifer K to attend her lobster extravaganza UYE at Omei Restaurant in Richmond Hill. This spot is located in between Bayview and Leslie on the North side of Hwy 7 (same plaza as McDonalds). Arriving we had a large table awaiting our group of 12 right near the kitchen. While we excitedly chatted about what was to come waiters began to walk out of the kitchen carrying what I assumed to be small alien children to tables around us. To my surprise these black shiny beauties were not beings from the great beyond but quite possibly the largest lobsters I have ever seen ... like i mean ever. EVER!A Simpsons reference comes to mind (thanks Wayne C).. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsTO57M3KgA&feature=related Ya they were THAT big.Our table was presented with 2 giant (8lb) Pinchy's...errr I mean Lobsters. One had a rogue claw and latched on to my chopstick as poked him and explained how excited I was to eat him up (there are certain benefits to being at the top of the food chain). The other lobster knew what the deal was and tried to make a get away as the photos snapped away. Much to his chagrin his plans were foiled.Our new found friends were whisked away to the kitchen for their last rights and processing and before long the plates began to pour out of the kitchen one after the other.First came cracked steamed lobster cooked with scallions and garlic. This would have likely been the closest dish to a traditional lobster dinner (sans butter). It was heavenly and the vermicelli noodles under neath it all were a fav of mine as well.Next we had Lobster cooked with Maggi Sauce, it was done with pan fried onions and the bits of lobster were so succulent that if one could climax from food alone this certainly would have been the dish to do it - Unreal (PS - they accidentally gave us a third plate of this which belonged to another table...shhhh SCORE! - it disappeared right quick as our table destroyed all the evidence)Third item up to the plate was the fried lobster legs. While the batter had a nice flavour I found this the most awkward to eat as the deep fried bits of lobster were still covered in shell and was a tad frustrating to eat when you are a hungry hungry human!Just when I thought that there couldn't possibly be anymore food a 4th and 5th course were brought out, both of which used the innards of the lobster to cook. I was wary of these dishes but upon trial I enjoyed them nearly as much as the ones that preceded them. The first of these Innard Skynard meals was a lobster fried rice and the other course was a steamed egg with lobster meat Had enough yet? Or should I tell you about everything non lobster we also managed to consume while at Omei? My fav of the bunch was the veggie dish done with tons of mushrooms and Bok Choi. Loved it! The Shitake mushrooms were so tender and one of the other mushrooms absorbed sauce and juices so well that it exploded in my mouth the minute i bit into it. NOM NOM NOM. We also had Oysters done in hot peppers and a honey glaze (not my fav but still tasty) AND we even squeezed in a roast chicken dish ... because you know you can't truly stuff yourself until you've had a plate of chicken :)Just as I was about to tap out the main courses stopped.....only to give way to a buffet of desserts (FML)! Seriously!! Chinese desserts are not my fav thing, I must be honest so I feel my review of these items would be unfair. I just don't enjoy them - but you bet your bottom dollar I am going to keep trying. My favorite items were the freshly fried (piping hot) Chinese donuts rolled in sugar and the Mango pastry. There was another that looked like moist goat eyes (we all called them that) and the delicious taste and texture surprised me! We even had a yelp-er squeeze the black out of it ... ;-)The highlight to my evening came as dinner was coming to a close, the owner/president of Omei (Ringo) treated us to a series of Cantonese Raps written by himself about Lobster, Crab and then just for good measure one about our dessert. All this was followed by an encore performance of the Bee Gees hit single How deep is your love. Fabulous. Just Fabulous!! Remember the movie Show Girls where they kept asking "Have you heard Caesar sing? No? You'll Love it."?Well, have you heard Ringo sing? No? CUZ You'll Love it! Great food, great value, great host, company and entertainment!!!OH me OMEI ... this place gets a 6TH STAR!!!
Ok Chako you've finally swayed me, impressed me, convinced me that you are the epitome of AYCE Korean BBQ in the GTA. There are many others BUT few who can compete at your level of superior play. The secret dear friends is to visit Chako slightly after the lunch hour. The place will be empty and the quality in cuts and seasoning of the meat vastly improves over the poorly cut and lightly seasoned dinner selection (which you ironically will pay more for). However, I can't slag you entirely Chako you do seem to maintain a certain quality standard that has never upset my digestion and is still leagues ahead of your local competitors. Unlike other Korean BBQ's in Toronto and the GTA, Chako is decorated in a contemporary fashion as opposed to the feeding trough style of others BUT for my money what makes this a great spot is that most tables are set up as a booth. Which means that despite the crowds on peak hours you can still maintain a somewhat intimate setting with your guests.Getting to the meat of this review...literally (harr harr harr), the regular selection is usually suffice for most. If you are really feeling the seafood and want to pay the extra fee, well have at it hoss but I feel you'd be best served sticking to the basics (if I am paying for shrimp it better be headless and de-pooped - no korean bbq does this so don't be shocked when Chako is no different). The beef short ribs are my favorite, I would pay just to eat these. I really enjoyed the beef as well and the chicken breasts (although when cooking it yourself, do make sure your take your time in cooking this, I've had many a raw center which was no body's fault but my greed self). The pork is OK but comes in last in my list of favs.Aside from the meat selection you have your complimentary SIDES. Kimchi, Jasmin Rice, beat sprouts, deep fried tofu, etc etc. All amazing and all worth ordering seconds or thirds of (tofu maybe not so much).Best and worst thing about a Korean BBQ, maybe even more so at Chako because of the booth set up, is the fact that you always leave smelling like you just spent the afternoon in the back yard sitting over the grill bathing in the smoke. Great for those winter months when you miss the smell of BBQ'd meat but not so great for a hot date or business lunch.Last note: Green Tea ice cream. Order it, eat it, love it, thank me later ;)Only down side is the staff can be very pushy about moving you along when they are busy (checking on your way too often) OR leaving you along far too long when you're looking to order more trays of meat - those sneaky little devils with their tricks (I'm onto you). All that said Chako is always a great spot and I will go back many many times. Whose coming with me?
Gone are the days of the classic roadside burger joint, you know the type, the ones that Danny Zuccho and the T-birds would meet up at with their gals for a burger and a shake. Classic burger joints that don't need secret menus, nearly illegal spiced peppers and every ingredient in the refrigerator to make their burger rock, just three basic ingredients; beef, grill, fire -- that's it.... or so I thought!I had my first encounter with Big Boy's Burgers last week during #BurgerBingeWeek, and man was I shocked at what I was provided. I massive patty started and pressed on flat top before being transferred and finished on the fire grill. This method is an excellent way of cooking a burger as the flattop cooks the burger in it's own juices keeping it moist while the finish on the grill gives it that BBQ taste and char that makes a class burger a burger.This burger came with cheese and bacon as well as my choice of toppings all piled between a thick bun, perfect for holding all that content (and their juices) together.I had only ordered the burger but mistakenly the team tossed in some of their fresh cut fries. I noted the mistake and they were kind enough to say "don't worry about it they're in the bag already"!  I decided to be polite I'd have only a few, but the moment one of those perfectly cooked, thick, freshly cut fries hit my lips it was game over, took my about 30 seconds to go from overflowing french fry container to licking the paper of my bag (SMH) - Damn you guys, there goes my failed attempt at a healthy lunch.Well worth it though.I really dig the authenticity and taste Big Boy's puts together and with a convenient road side location just south of Bayview and Elgin Mills I know this won't be my last visit.Eatcrest Out
Follwoing a pork filled fiesta UYE hosted by Edwin A. a group of sluggish, stuffed, and mildly uncomfortable yelpers (myself included) venture into Markham a touch further to this relatively new cafe. Despite it being a Monday night, the place was slammed with early 20-something's gossiping, laughing, joking and enjoying a general good time. Seemed like a fairly hip spot for us to moan and groan on awkward height seats. Surprisingly many of our group took to the selection of Chinese desserts without much hesitation, myself, I opted for a bottomless pot of their jasmine tea to help with rapid digestion and to hopefully alleviate this feeling of impending doom I had. The pot came swiftly and presentation was great, teeny tiny tea cups (about the size of a large shot glass) while the see through pot, filled with loose leaf, sat atop a tea light stand to help maintain the teas warmthA small container of melted liquid honey was served alongside and the cutest little micro whisk for stirring. Cool! Between the tiny tea cups and the baby whisk my pinky finger was perma-poised out and up! (Pinkies Up!)This place was good and likely somewhere I would return to try some desserts when I don't feel like death. Great place to hang out with friends. Come any night open late.One additional note, due to the high volume of popular restaurants and businesses in this plaza, parking is extremely difficult and congested.
This place is amazing! But Lets get the negative out of the way right from the get go because there is only one - price to portion ratio. Yes the chickens are a little anorexic given what you pay BUT - they tastez so guuuddd. KFC can be "finger licking" good all they want, Nandos is "Hand licking, down my forearm, maybe even lick my elbow if some sauce ends up there - GOOD."I have one long time friend that I do not get to hang out with as much as I would like to, BUT we always make an effort to visit Nandos together 2-3 times a year. Unbeknownst to him I refuse to go there without out him - its kinda our thing. Each time we go we always order the same meal: The Four Pack ($32) and 4 Heineken. The Four pack comes with a whole flame-grilled chicken, your choice of 2 large sidelines, and 3 Portuguese buns or garlic bread. For the sidelines we always get their Caesar salad and the Peri Peri fries - which are tossed in a dry Peri peri salt and are AMAZEBALLS! As for the Peri Peri marinade at Nandos you can order any of their items in either Garlic, Medium, Hot or Extra Hot or EXTRA EXTRA Hot. My friend and I always stupidly think we are bigger than the hot sauce and go XX Hot - silly boys. Midway through we are gasping, the tears streaming down our faces are a mix of pain and joy and we have completed all 4 of our beers. Usually around this time we are usually reaching for the bottles of peri peri garlic sauce on our table and our fries to try and calm our burning tongues  - thank goodness for the garlic bread (always comes in handy). There has seldom been a time when I have gone to Nandos where I have not left there, satisfied, full, happy and mouth still burning. I look forward to seeing my friend next because I know exactly where we will be going for dinner that night :)
I was a fan of their Woodbridge location, the food, service and management were outstanding, but the fact that they've opened a take-away/ sit down spot in my hometown, gives me extra reason to jump for joy!That's Italian Express is located just north of Yonge and Crosby in the DQ plaza across from Avante Mazda. You might need to slow down a bit as you drive north on Yonge, as I myself have driven past it due to the plaza being set back from the road and book ended by car dealerships.Behind the front counter is their quick and dirty take out menu, which includes, pizzas, sandwiches, pastas and more - you can order and be out the door for under $20 in under 20 min.However, I've become accustomed to enjoying my lunch so I stayed in today and ordered a person (12 inch) Diavola pizza. This place is the dark horse of pizza so be prepared other pizza joints, Pizza is what That's Italian does well. The Diavola was lightly spiced (not crazy spicy - but they can amp it up to order), perfect fresh dough, great sauce, fresh cherry tomatoes and toppings! I can't speak for the restaurant but in my opinion, this is definitely their signature pizza! My mouth is STILL watering as I recount my lunch!To drink I asked for a glass of water which was kept full and chilled at all times! Tony, working here today was awesome, super friendly, kept me company during my lonely lunch (just kidding) but his service was on point my entire meal, even kind enough to offer me an espresso once I was finished eating.I'm looking forward to coming back for dinner soon, as they've got some mains (cornish game hen) and others that make limited appearances on the menu that I've got to try. Also, their gnocchi looks incredible!Pro-tip: If you can handle your spicey foods, ask for their in house made hot pepper sauce on the side. Tickles the taste buds!!Eatcrest Out!
Being a Richmond Hill local and growing up with Archibald's always within sight I feel a responsibility to protect its review rating against the negative nelly's who would disparage Richmond Hill's oldest and first pub (AHEM...Jen K...lol).What makes a "good pub", well let's think about it as a group for a second...alright class have you had time to write down your answers, well allow me to read from the answer key and as we go through the list of MUST HAVE's, we'll grade my beloved Archie's against it.1. Multiple televisions for sports and other viewing- Archie's: CHECK! For a small pub there is no shortage of screens around, with the 2012/2013 NFL Football season kicking off last night it was actually nice to see a couple of boisterous fans getting into the game, cheering and screaming as the Giants took on the Cowboys. Yes they were loud but if you don't like people cheering for sports well then......2. An Eclectic mix of Beers both on Tap and by the bottle- Archie's: CHECK! This for me was a huge plus about this place, filled with amazing surprises. Who would have thought that my local spot would have Granville Island Pale Ale (a BC beer I had been searching to try) on tap! Not to mention a host of other ontario craft beers (steam whistle) and several international brands such as: Guinness, Caffrey's, Stiegl and others.- PRO TIP: Order a bucket of 4 steamwhistle's and you get to keep the bucket ($16.50)3. Pub Fare- Archie's: CHECK! They have all the classics and don't pretend for a moment to be fine dining. Admittedly it was wing night and the Cajun wings were not so hot (I agree with Jen K here...and here only) but the Hot-Honey were as good as anywhere else that offers $5/lb wings. However, I ordered their Chicken Souvlaki with a Greek salad and it was delicious! Not to mention my salad came with an entire wedge of Feta Cheese (YA a WEDGE!!). Another one of our group ordered a BBQ chicken wrap and House Salad and had nothing but good things to say about it. One x-factor with their food was the presentation and care put into the plating of it. I've been to 'nicer' spots who took less care with the presentation of their entrees. A nice surprise!4 Service- Archie's: CHECK! Our server was friendly and attentive, even being on the more empty side of the pub (the other side was PACKED) she check on us regularly and always made sure our glasses were topped up and all our needs were met (18% tip for her). Plus she was pretty cute (and coming here before I know they hire great looking staff ;) )5. Ambiance- Archie's: CHECK! The true pub feel is achieved here with exposed wood beams above and around, a classic wood and brass bar and plenty of pool tables and beer neon beer signs adorning the wall. Yes a tad on the dim side in terms of lighting but honestly how would ugly people hook up at bars if it wasnt for alcohol and dim lighting? I say keep the lights down low Archie....keep them lights down low.Pros'- Free, unsecured Wifi and despite what others might say the speed is on par with any Starbucks, Second Cup or other free Wifi spot- A patio...yes they have one and it has great seating. Patios are a rarity along Yonge in Richmond Hill and this one doesn't disappoint.Cons'- Something could be done about the couple of flies that kept bugging us at our table and the temperature where we were sitting was very warm (perhaps it was the heat of this area that was drawing the flies in). However, let's remember it IS SUMMER and flies do exist in THE SUMMER. You can't escape that, and with the high traffic moving in and out of this spot it's bound to happen----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So after comparing your answers with the PUB GOLD STANDARD, what do ya have? Exactly what you came in for, good reliable food, good brews, friendly staff and sweet old spot to become a regular and watch a game or two with friends. Cheers Archibald's - here's to many more years in Richmond Hill :)
There really is nothing quite like driving around with a friend, unsure what to eat and then deciding to roll the good old Yelp app dice and stumble upon what I can only describe as pure culinary gold!Bombay's Chutney, the little Indian restaurant tucked away in the west corner of the plaza at Bayview and Major Mackenzie in Richmond Hill, literally blew my mind, my taste buds but not my wallet!We walked into a near empty restaurant, normal seeing as it was 8:30pm on a Thursday, the staff looked at us and I know they were likely hoping we wouldn't be very demanding as closing time was nearing (I hate doing this to restaurants at the last minute - but WE WUZ HUNGRY).Quick to service us, our waitress checked on us twice quickly within the first 5 minutes of being seated but thankfully for her, this was not my first Indian Rodeo, I knew what I was coming for and I was coming in HOT!!For our appetizer we  decided to share 2 items: Pani poori and 2 Beef samosa's. The Pani poori was just I had remembered it at other Indian favs adn we devored this DIY appetizer quickly and with little shame. Moving hungrily onto the Beef samosas, I was floored by how fresh they were even at this late hour. Perfectly cooked and not overly greasy - double YUM!Our mains came shortly there after and we both ordered Naan with our meals and decided to share a rice (which ended up being totally unnecessary). The rice was unnecessary because Bombay's Chutney makes the freshest and Biggest naan bread I've ever seen. Like ever! No seriously it was massive! More than enough for all your sauce and scooping needs.I had chicken Tikka Masala. Lots of onion and peppers. Flavorful but not overly spicy - really enjoyed my choice of falvour over spice (usually I'm a vindaloo kinda guy).My friend had butter chicken which was in 2 words "yummy and awesome". Seriously I tried a bite and note only was the chicken cooked perfectly like my own the flavour from the sauce was rich and filled my mouth to the point that if I breathe the right way I can 'almost' taste it still *drools excessively*The biggest surprise of the day was the bill. $44 almost on the dot for 2 mains, 2 appetizers and an extra serving of rice - WOW. There was also lots of leftovers so we're looking at 2-4 servings worth for such a nominal fee - totes worth it!Far and away GHEE BEST Indian cuisine I have eaten in quite some time and a more than pleasant surprise. To quote Guy Ferri - BOMB DOT COM!!!5/30
Whoa. Talk about a sleeper. I sauntered into Nonna's at the behest of not one but two different friends when they learned where I would yesterday evening. I checked the reviews and the pictures and they all seemed to rage about this little place nestled in a tiny plaza on the south side of Elgin Mills Rd in Richmond Hill.The inside appears to be two former unit's that have merged into one, with the walk-in side being just that, catering towards take-out/away options and quick sit-downs, and the far side being more for larger groups or those looking for a more traditional dining experience. Both equally rustic Italian in design. I didn't have much time so I reviewed the specials and asked for recommendations from my server and then went totally in the other direction from her delicious suggestions, and ordered a hearty helping of spaghetti and meatballs. I asked how big their balls were, and the server burst out laughing and told me they were pretty big... I played along and told her the bigger the better - I'm pretty sure we're besties now. #bondingOverBallsintheBurbsI was concerned initially that the order took awhile to come out but when it arrived my concerns immediately evaporated - in the molten steam pouring off the dish. Holy Meatballs! This was the hottest, freshest, and best-cooked dish of spaghetti and meatballs I've ever encountered. The noodles perfectly al dente (just a hair firmer than soft so that the noodles don't get mushy), the sauce a perfectly balanced marinara that was not overly sweet  or overly acidic, and finally da balls, we're a perfect balance as well between egg, breadcrumb and noticeably two kinds of meat used to make the flavours pop (two kinds of meat, sometimes three, is how real Italians do it).And the best thing of all was the price. $16 for all that food -which rendered me almost in a pasta coma. I was more than happy to pay it, heck I'd pay for it twice!Eatcrest Out (Thanks Nonna - Ti Amo)
Almost two years ago the concept for Touro came into being. Bring a high end Brazilian Steakhouse to the GTA as an alternative to the long standing Toronto/Niagara options. I had the pleasure of taking a tour of Touro months before opening and even in a mid-construction phase, I could tell that they had something unique and different to offer the people of the GTA. First and foremost this opulent creation is the work of design mastermind Glen Peloso. Walking in you see every detail has been thought of, the genius and attention to detail inside is unmatched in any restaurant I've ever seen. From a live tree in the dining room, to tall glass doors when you enter, vaulted ceilings, and some of the most intricate light fixtures around Sir Peloso has thought of everything! But that's not all, Touros patio... Lets just call it as it is, the biggest in York Region at 3000sq feet! But what a patio, complete with artificial turf, waterfalls, private bottle service cabana and a fire pit - yes a fire pit!Hmm, am I missing anything before I talk about the delicious, mouthwatering food? Oh ya! Aside for the psychedelic bar serving a mix of unique contemporary cocktails and Brazilian classics, Touro is the ONLY self service bar in Ontario! But Kris, what does that mean? Well allow me to educate you my libatious friend. At any time when visiting Touro you can request a special Wine Card which you can preload with money. That card can the be inserted into one of many wine dispensers and you can choose from a taste to a full pour glass of any wine. This allows you to try high end bottles at just a taste without breaking the bank. Ok so enough about the frills, what about the food? The REAL reason you visit Touro!  Well they have more cuts of meat than you could imagine eating in a single seating whether you're dining at lunch or dinner. Recently I took full advantage of their lunch special where for $24.95 you get to dine on 8 cuts of meat. For dinner the price increases to approximately $39 and the meat prospects grow to 15-16! All meat is cooked on traditional Brazilian rotisserie grills, and speaking from multiple personal experiences, it's cooked to perfection by the masterful kitchen staff! My personal fave is the Top sirloin and the pork sausage. Must tries when you visit. From a personal point, I must compliment them on hiring quite possible the BEST looking wait staff in the GTA. But not your typical Jack Astor or Hooters girls. These are the elegant natural beauties that you'd be proud to bring home to your picky European mother. Gorgeous all around (and super smart too, able to make informed recommendations with no hesitation). In summary, Touro is the type of venue that brings together good food, sophistication, fair prices and a unique experience for guests of all ages and backgrounds. Muito Obrigado Touro!
I was shocked! Shocked on so many levels - it's true! My one and only prior experience with this growing Canadian chain was subpar at best. The beer was watery, the food - meh, and the service lacking. All that changed the other day when I paid the newest location of 3 Brewers (in Richmond Hill) a visit.This location took over for what used to be the Melting Pot (and several failures before it). The expanded and opened up the existing space and put a custom 3 Brewers spin on it matching the popular decor notes of today (reclaimed wood, no frills, iron, and Edison bulbs, etc).I was greeted by 3 hostesses as I entered, all smiles and very sweet and then decided to sit at the bar as it was lunch on a weekday and the place was pretty empty. A server quickly came by and welcomed me, explained the restaurants concept and asked me what I'd like.Having seen the reviews I knew I wanted to try this customer Richmond Hill specific review (Farmhouse) but played dumb and ask for her recommendations. She did one better and brought me an array of samples to try so I could see what I liked best. The Farmhouse ended up winning out and for good reason - it was incredible, such an easy drinking flavourful beer! I highly recommend it! As soon as I ordered my beer the bartender asked me if I would like to add fresh baked pretzels for $2? Sure I would, and I'm glad I did - they were massive! These soft, salty, chewy pretzels came in a pair and came equipped with two very distinct mustards. the first was a honey mustard while the other (and my favourite) was an extremely potent dijon mustard! Amazing, it even made my eyes water!For my main, I wasn't super hungry but wasn't quite feeling a salad so I decided to go for one of their famous flammes! The name of the specific flamme I had escapes me now but I really loved the thin crust, the no hold bar toppings and how huge it was - definitely didn't hold back when attacking this dish.Overall a great experience and I'm looking forward to coming back here soon!Eatcrest Out!
Damn Sushi Aoi - you're better than a 3-star A-oi-K (get it?), rather in one visit you've made me ever more than a 4-star fan. I'm going as far as to say that this is a 4.5 sushi experience in a Richmond Hill plaza that on it's best day isn't more than a 2-star sketchy plaza. Never mind, before submitting I realized that they deserve my 5th star just based on customer service alongThe prior sushi resto here had a bad rep and terrible food, so I had written off any sushi establishment in the plaza. However, when planning for a lunch meeting today I whipped open my Yelp app and saw Sushi Aoi boasting a healthy number of reviews and a near perfect star-average - awesome, let's go. When GPS pointed me to the Value Village plaza (aka 2-star sketchy) I was shocked.It's a beautiful a la carte spot inside, with a lovely mix of booths, tables and even private booths with curtains you can pull close. The team here is Korean (as is the trend with many 905-sushi spots) but they've more than mastered the Japanese art of sushi and exceptional customer service.For lunch, I went with Sushi Lunch Combo F and Lunch Roll Set F (shared with my DC). Lunch was preceded by a salad and two kinds of soup (one with a knot of noodles and the other a Miso soup standard) both excellent. The sushi and rolls were incredible, with fair portions of fish to rice ratio (not an excessive amount of rice) and the rolls were large and filled with equally fresh ingredients.The service here was on a whole other level. Frequent tea and water top-ups, most times long before I could get beyond a 1/2 glass drank. The chef not once but twice sent over complimentary samples for us to try. At the beginning of the meal he sent over two fried veggie spring rolls, and once we were well into our mains he sent over a torched sushi roll for us to try and give him feedback on - excellent and totally unexpected.I wish I could say that working for Yelp afforded me these sorts of opportunities more often but I tend to dine incognito so I was amazed to be treated so special as a regular customer. Much appreciated!Looking forward to coming backEatcrest Out
A big thank you goes to my yelper friend Jennifer K for bringing me along to this hidden little cafe located off of East Beaver Creek in Richmond Hill. It's fairly unassuming when you walk in, set up like basic cafe, with a front order desk and several flat screens tuned to Chinese Television (TVB to be exact). As I'm told it's the most popular Hong Kong television station  - my yelpers teach me so much!Nothing beats Free Wifi and an award winning H.K style milk tea (a black tea base). Looking at the menu the prices are extremely reasonable (the medium milk tea was $2.25 taxes in - however my friends informed me this was a tad expensive). Would I have ever walked into this place on my own? Not likely, not for anything I wouldn't have known any different. Will I return to sit, have an extremely strong milk tea (seriously I'm buzzing right now) and do some work using their free (unlocked) wifi - heck yes!
I think it's safe to say I have an addiction, I thought it was pizza, but no, it's burgers. And if my addiction has impacted you in a negative way... TOO BAD, because I'm going to get doing what I'm doing. Even if I wanted to stop, with a place like Fresh Burger opening up in my hometown I couldn't even if I wanted. Their beef is my cocaine, their fries/poutine are my heroine and their special sauce... A fantastic psychedelic too strong for any man to withstand. No wonder when:- each burger is hand formed and pressed on the flat top to order- fries are peeled in house, soaked to extract excess starch, blanched once to cook them half way and then fried to finish on order- sauce made in house is the perfect balance of ingredients that it can safely stand on it's own on any burger. Little known fact is that Fresh Burger is modeled closely after the legendary California burger chain, In and Out Burger. Having eaten at I'nO when in San Francisco I can safely say that they've perfected the In and Out Burger and concept... And improved upon the original. A burger buddy with me this evening made the observation that the burger was "almost a fluffy texture." An excellent way to describe the melt in your mouth burger, bun and topping combination of their creations. I'm thrilled to say that despite the burger renaissance currently occurring in Toronto, the best burger around is being served north of Hwy 7, in Richmond Hill. Don't believe me? Make the trek and you'll see. Fresh Burger has accomplished in 4 months what other burger joints can only aspire to and it's burgers are one addiction I'm happy to have.
How in God's name have I lived in Richmond Hill my entire life and never ventured into Joe's for anything more than a shawarma sandwich? I included them in the hamburger issue of the weekly Yelp several weeks back because the lore of their famous burgers has stood the test of time in R.Hill for years and everyone who eats at Joe's agrees they've got it going on in burger land. Despite this impressive yelpo-mercial for their burgers that wasn't what I chose to dine on last night..I mean the 2, 4 and 8oz patties sound amazing BUT if I'm going to Joe's I'm going to have the Joe's famous burger that Edwin A sold me on in his earlier review. To accomplish that fear poppa is gonna need his Full appetite firing on all cylinders, not just a 9:30PM "I'm hungry and need to eat something that's not too filling." Kris you wimp - get in there and stop procrastinating...Ok ok self...I promise next time I've got an hankering for a greasy Burb-ger I'm hitting Joe's. But for last night's purposes I ordered the steak sandwich on a bun. WOW. Floored me! In minutes they were able to produce a perfectly cooked medium rare angus steak (made fresh to order) which they garnished with my choice of toppings (BBQ sauce, onions, pickles, and homemade coleslaw).Killer! That's all I have to say...will update once I've had a burger.
Sometimes we tend to forget quality places in our own backyard. You know the kind, the ones you've been to in past, loved, taken for granted and then driven past dozens of times when all your little heart desires is what this place offers.Tomo is that sorta place. Located in the restaurant rich plaza at Yonge & Weldrick in Richond Hill (where you can also find Laser Quest and Putting Edge) it might not be AYCE sushi, but it's quality sushi, which is many times much, much better.I met an old social media pal for an impromptu lunch/dinner as he was in the neighbourhood. He'd read good recommendations on Yelp about their crunchy noodle soup, and well, I just knew from experience this place was plain good. I ordered the sashimi dinner and the Kalbi beef roll. The Sashimi platter was very fresh, made of thick cuts of fish served at the perfect temperature. You know the one that allows the fish to slowly melt across your tongue. Yep. That type. It came with a miso soup (which was a different interpretation being served with noodles - a first for me) and a very full salad. Standard fare I know, but very tasty.The Kalbi roll was something new for me and I literally just did a game of eeny-meeny-miny-mo to choose something I'd never had before. I should do this more often as the dish roll was wonderful with a mix of kalbi beef short ribs and shrimp. What made the dish for me was the extra serving of kalbi on the side. Yumm!Richmond Hill has been blessed with quite a few reliable sushi spots amidst the sea of dim-sum and shawarma shops, but this one should not be overlooked. The service, decor and price are merely welcome additions to an already stellar menu, which I plan to return for time and time again in 2014Arigatou gozaimasu Tomo! Arigatou gozaimasu!EC Out!
I typically like to go home and fully absorb my experience before writing a review, however occasionally something is either so good or so bad that it deserves commentary right away. In this instance it's the former, BB Cafe of Richmond Hill is the newest and best cafe to come to the town in ages. Props to Lee C, for her detailed review, and I won't comment too much more on the space as it is gorgeous, elegant and the perfect place for a cozy night out. In terms of location it's just north of Major Mackenzie on the east side of Yonge.I came here searching for a quiet place to do work close to home and I found it! Free WiFi and plenty of outlets on the second floor for my computer. In fact the second floor was virtually empty aside from a pair of after school teenagers who made out shamelessly in the booth across from me. Come on kids, it's a computer, not a brick wall ha ha (ah well to be young as they say).Given that this is a Persian cafe/bakery, I went for my fave Persian black tea and I was amazed at the extra detail that went into it's presentation. A small dainty tea glass, a single serving tea pot that was set atop a candle warmer so that each cup of tea was as warm as the last! I was even convinced by my server to have small dessert and she recommended that the "must try" dessert was one of their rolls. I opted for the small chocolate roll and it was perfect. I'm not a huge sweets person so the fact that this was only mildly sweet yet packed a perfectly balanced flavour I was a HUGE fan - stellar recco!As I perused their menu I also noticed that they do an assortment of sweet and savoury crepes, various fruit and vegetable based smoothies and drinks, the standard coffee and tea options but in the bottom right hand corner I noticed a chocolate fondue option!!With the number of sweet and savoury food options, warm beverages, free (reliable) WiFi and the excellent layout, I think this might replace Covernotes as my new Richmond Hill coffice (coffee shop office).
Wahoo!!! Thrilled to be the one to tip this Richmond Hill hot spot over the 100 mark (the first Richmond Hill business to achieve this feat). And totally well deserving of this honor! 100 reviews all saying much the same praise, this place is one to visit in York Region.Located on the South West corner of Bayview and Major Mackenzie, it's a bit of a trick to navigate to so I recommend you enter off of Maj Mac. Entering I was amazed by how busy this place was only 2 days before Christmas, literally rammed! However the most surprising thing was how fast we were able to obtain a seat (less than 5 minutes to be exact, with a line up). In that 5 minutes I was quite taken with the look and feel of this place, not to mention their front of house aquarium (I wonder if any of those fishies are for eating?), the giant Buddha statue looking plump and happy as ever and a giant crystal structure that is quite beautiful (one of those rocks with purple crystals inside). Once seated our server was absolutely top shelf. She didnt rush us, she was courteous, hilarious and unbelievably helpful. Once she learned this was our first time visiting RM she was wonderful with her menu recommendations. Which, while delicious were funny because she underestimated how much 2 hungry folks could actually eat. To start we had the appetizer platter which came equipped with fish cakes, beef satay skewers (done in a curry style marinade), chicken skewers, and Malaysian style spring rolls. I likely could have eaten a dinner of the beef skewers to my face. Highly recommend! I was a touch wary on the fish cakes but they were only lightly fried and light as anything. I was a fan after only one bite.My dining companion and I opted to order two main courses and share family style (this is where having multiple people at the table really makes family style much more beneficial). Following the recommendations of our server we ordered one of the Roti plates. She said their Roti was second to none - she was right! The Mutton Roti (if you like lamb/goat) was mind-blasting and a trip into Malaysian flavour country. Nice and spicy and I could have even upped the spice a notch or two more. Damn I'm salivating!As a second main course to share we had the Penang Fried Kuay Teow. It was a wide short egg noddle dish done with shrimp and bean sprouts and other items. It was amazing! I'd have this 8 days a week if I could - ya that's right 8 days! ya wanna fight about it? Because I'd likely fight you for the last noodle in the plate - delicious!So what did this feast of endless appetizers, 2 drinks, 2 main courses come to? $52! That's it! Totally reasonable for 2 people to have dinner and leave absolutely stuffed!I cannot wait to come back!!
It's been a long time since we've been here and it's just as good as the first time we went! We had the rare beef pho which came out piping hot. Nice, thin, and chewy noodles with a good portion of delicious beef. We also got the grilled chicken vermicelli salad bowl. Chicken was flavourful and super juicy and good amount of vegetables and noodles. Also love the atmosphere of the restaurant. It's our new go to Vietnamese restaurant. So good!
This Japanese restaurant had been around for a few years. The food is good and always great service. The rolls, sushi, and sashimi are pretty good for their price point. They also have a good selection of Korean dishes since they seem to be Korean owned. Definitely their must orders are their rolls! Lots to choose from!
It has been awhile since we have been here. The food was still good and same with the service. We both got baked rice dishes from their lunch menu. It is great, lunches ranged from $10- $13 and comes with a soup and hot beverages. Portions were big and we both had leftovers.
Definitely my place to go to satisfy a burger craving. I usually get combo #1: Freshburger with all the fixings (4 oz beef patty, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and Freshburger sauce), drink, and upgrading the fries to a Poutine (which is fries covered with cheese curds and gravy) or California Fries (which is fries covered with sweet sauteed onions, cheese, and secret sauce). California fries are not featured on the menu but highly recommend it. They recently expanded so there is more seating, but still relatively small. Expect a bit of a wait during prime times.
We came here on the weekend with a large group for brunch. Very friendly service and very accomodating to our group. Food was great but it took awhile for the food to come out.  I had the prosciutto eggs benny and my eggs were cooked perfectly. Also tried the breakfast pizza (comes with spicy sausage, sunny side eggs, and arugula) and it was really good. Their woodoven pizzas have always been my go to, love the thin crust and all the different toppings.
Love this place for satisfying both my seafood and dimsum cravings! The space is beautiful and the reason I do not give it the full 5 stars is the service is not at par with food and atmosphere. We have tried the lobster and crab combos, and everything is always cooked very well. Dimsum is great but a bit on tue pricey side. Also love that they have a seafood market for live seafood, sushi, sashimi, and frozen dimsum. They also have private rooms with automated lazy Susans
Came here on a Friday night and the restaurant was full. I would suggest making reservations. The food was good, but for the portions and inconsistent service, it is not worth the price. You have to pay a membership fee to get better pricing. For example a small hot and sour soup that serves 2 to 4 people was $10.99.
Great place for customized soup noodles! Great options for the noodles, toppings and soup base. For soup base I usually like the Malaysian Laksa, peanut sauce and chili, or simple fish broth. Noodles are pretty standard depending on your preference. And I usually go for the beef brisket and tendon since veggies come standard with all bowls.
I've been hearing great things about this restaurant through friends and reviews, so I finally had to go try it myself and it was so good! We heard the omakase was very good, but we wanted to try some items off the menu for our first visit. Here is what we ordered: Spider Roll, Foie Gras Sushi, Tempura Dinner, and Chirashi Deluxe. The Spider Roll which has soft crab shell in it, was very mediocre. So don't think we will be ordering maki in our future visit. I have had Foie Gras Sushi at other Japanese restaurants, but this one was the best! A must order! Torched perfectly and just melts in your mouth. The Tempura Dinner was very good. Everything was nicely battered and great portions. It came with 6 pieces of shrimps, and a good variety of vegetables like mushrooms, taro, eggplant, yam, and zucchini. I would also highly recommend the Chirashi Deluxe, the sashimi was so fresh and so much variety. There was salmon, toro, uni, amber jack, roe, unagi, octopus, shrimp, and more! Also the sushi rice was cooked perfectly and seasoned well. So happy to have an authentic Japanese restaurant in the 905. I heard the Chef trained Sushi Kaji.I would have given it a 5 if the roll was a little better and they used fresh wasabi.
This use to be my go to pho place. After several visits with poor service and charging me for a take out box, I no longer go there. I prefer Nam at Leslie and 16th, Little Saigon at Yonge and Weldrick, or Mr Pho which recently opened.
I was pleasantly surprised that they serve dimsum here after changing owners. And the dimsum was really good. I believe if you come for early bird special that all dishes are $2.99. My favourite dimsum dish is siu mai and they were delicious here. Really recommend checking them out!
When I lived in Richmond Hill this was my go to sushi place. I have not been here for some time but glad to see their quality of food and service has remained great! Wish I could come here more often!
We were in the area and decided to give this place a try. Pretty busy on a Saturday at 2pm. We ordered a large rare beef pho, small rare beef, tripes, and beef tendon pho, and shared the springrolls. We found the broth lacked flavour and the meat was not the best quality. Springrolls was good. For the price it is not bad, but definitely had better pho.
So happy about their 3rd location. Food is just as good as the original location and about the same amount of seating. If you are looking for good Taiwanese food, this is my go to.
Go to place for Chinese BBQ meat! Our fave is the BBQ pork aka char siu. Also they have great rice combinations. There is some seating but mainly a take out place. Be prepared for a wait. Even when there's no long line up, it takes a bit to get your order because the lady who cuts your meat is very precise and takes some time. Worth the wait!
Great place for reasonably priced sushi! Fresh and good quality sushi, sashimi and maki. Big menu with lots of options including Korean dishes. They have lunch and all day bentos which is a great deal. Also great party trays and our go to is the love boats because they come with premium fish like uni, ika, scallops, and sweet shrimps.
We have been going here for a couple of years and find our experience has been inconsistent. The first time we came, we enjoyed everything we loved the large pieces of kimchi that you cut at your table and LA kalbi and hotpot we ordered was very good. Then the following time we came the food was not as good but we decided to still come back and to our surprise we had a better experience again. So we continued coming here. We find the menu keeps changing which is nice but on our last visit we thought the prices that they charged for their dishes was unreasonable. The food was good for the most part but not the best and the portions were small. Also this time the kimchi was tasteless. Also they only gave us 3 banchan. We ordered the kimchi stew and it was a tiny bowl which you would expect as a complimentary size and it was $11.95. Then we got the seafood pancake which was $18.95 and nothing special. The most disappointing dish was the deep fried chicken in hot pepper sauce. It comes in 2 sizes and we got the small size for the 2 of us and it was a size for 1 person and the cost was $16.95. Don't think we will back until we see better reviews.
This is a definitely our go to place for our shrimp wonton fix or a quick meal. Simple menu with shrimp wonton, beef, or fishball soup noodle or lo mein. I usually just get their shrimp wonton alone in the their tasty broth and add some chili oil and vinegar. Simply delicious! Also you can buy the wonton frozen to make at home along with their chili oil.
Great place for grocery shopping and grabbing a quick bite! I find the ingredients fresh and staff friendly. A bonus is they also sell beer at this location. Really a one stop shop!
Agreed with other Yelpers, good restaurant and very similar to Mine. Everything was fresh and tasted great! And YES the rolls are huge!
It's been a long time since we have been here and totally forgot how good the food is. We ordered take out and the food was on time for our pick up at 6:30pm. I used their website and all the prices were correct and they didn't miss any of our big order. When we went to pick up the food, the restaurant was already busy. We ordered the XLB, pan fried dumpling, sticky rice roll,  Shanghai fried noodles, fried rice with preserved meat and vegetables, green beans, stir fried tofu and pork, and boiled chicken in chili sauce. Everything was cooked well, tasty, and full of flavours. We are definitely going back!
This was our first time here. We ordered our usual Northern Chinese dishes to see how they rank. Everything was good but nothing spectacular.  We were not a big fan of the Golden Harvest Dumplings where it was mostly vegetarian fillings and not much filling.
Overall Rating:4.0 starsFood:The food here was pretty reasonable. It wasn't overly salty or greasy. I tried my usual dim sum fare, which included:- Har cheung/shrimp rolls- Steamed BBQ buns - nice abalone sauce, soft bun- Chicken feet - average and on par with other dim sum- Spare ribs - nice flavour not too salty- Korean short ribs - not too chewy, or salty. Nice flavour and texture- Deep fried bean curd with shrimp - nice crispy skin, fresh and tasty- Snowpea leaf shoots with garlic (off menu request) - piled high, not the best I've had, but reasonable for my veggie needsService:Good service. I was seated quickly and my needs were addressed promptly. No issues with this. Parking:On a weekday afternoon at peak dim sum hours I was able to find parking in the plaza smoothly. Overall impression:My bill for two people, albeit with a large smattering of food, was 96 dollars after tax. This price is on par with the high end dim sum places I've tried. I wouldn't say their quality matches the highest end, but you won't be disappointed either and the food is not poor quality at all.
Overall:5 starsParking:Ample parking shared between a few restaurants and professional offices. Service:Mostly good. Sometimes they get really busy, but it's worth the wait for fresh food. Food:Their 4oz Fresh Burger is juicy, flavourful and I like their special sauce. It's usually enough to fill me, but when I'm hungry I need the 8oz Double Fresh Burger. If you like onions and pickles, totally add them into the mix. Oh man, their fries are actually great as well, and always fresh. Just a bit of Cajun or seasoning with ketchup is enough, but their poutine is also delicious! They recently expanded the restaurant and it seats many more than before :)Comparisons:This is my favourite burger at the moment. For me it's on the same level as Shake Shack down in the US. If I have the time to come here why would I bother settling for Hero Burger?Impressions:I'm a regular here and unless things change drastically, I'll continue to come.
Overall:4 starsParking:Ample parking in the Times Square parking lot. Can get busy at times, so if necessary, I'll park a little farther. Service:Hit or miss. If you come at a busy hour, expect to either wait or be seated beside strangers. One time I was seated and without even asking me, they sat two additional customers beside me on the same table. The seating and interior is not aesthetically pleasing, so just a forewarning to ignore these issues and focus on the food. Otherwise if it's not busy, you'll find the service to be fine. Food:The food is why I think this place is worth the trip. I come often for fresh tasty dumplings, xiao long bao, pot stickers, noodles and veggies. Flavours are good and remind me of food in Asia. One important thing is I don't find the food to be too salty, which has been an issue for me at other comparable restaurants. All of the above comes at a fair price. Speaking of price, they only accept cash. Impressions:I'm a regular here. I will continue to come, but either early evening or after the dinner rush hours.
I've been here for both lunch and dinner and I highly recommend the restaurant. It can be busy if you come at peak hours, so expect a lineup. Their rolls are large and very tasty (very filling as well). I usually get the Orangeville roll. I also recommend their mushroom soup as an appetizer... it has two dumplings in it as well! I like the service and overall a great sushi location in RHill.
Overall Impressions: 4.5 for quality food, presentation, service and ambience. I will keep coming back for dim sum and the occasional dinner. Been here over four times for dim sum and dinner so far. Tips: You're better off making reservations because the lineups can get intense during peak dim sum hours. Food: I enjoyed their selection of dim sum. Dinner was good as well. Their food quality was consistent and presentation is excellent. They tend to serve fusion style (some Japanese elements at times) with large plates. It's also reminiscent of the local Dragon Boat dim sum restaurant in terms of presentation of food. I've tried their seafood chow mein (large servings of tiger prawn), glass noodles and fried rice as well. I was not disappointed.Their dinner portions were nice. Their piled high fried lobster with garlic is exactly what I've come to expect; after being a veteran at the various "fisherman's" variations restaurants scattered across Markham. Service: I've been impressed by their service each time I went. Promptly served tea and staff were attentive to my needs, especially considering how busy the restaurant can get. Ambience is wonderful and the restaurant is very nicely renovated. Seating in the booths can be a bit tight and table space is limited especially because of their awkwardly large plates. Luckily the servers were cognizant of this and promptly switched our food onto smaller plates to accommodate more food. Parking: Can be difficult and to save myself the hassle of fighting for spots, sometimes I'll park across the street by the bank and walk over.
Absolutely love the BBQ food here, and especially for the cheap price. $6.50 for a medium and $7.50 for a large combo (rice + 2 choices of meat). There's always a large portion of rice to go with the food so you'll always be full, even on the medium sized combo. Worry not about the large abundance of rice, because the sauce they use is absolutely delicious!/For meats, I recommend the BBQ pork and roasted pork. The roast duck is average.
I definitely like coming here for dim sum. While it's not your typical traditional trolley service, the decor here is fantastic and you'll enjoy having a meal with family and friends in this ambience. The food here is always served in large portions and is always very fresh. However, the wait is often very long. If you're trying to get that early morning special, make sure you get up early!!?
Nothing too special about the food. Good shwarma but the rice is just plain yellow rice and the fries are average. The pitas are always good - I like it extra saucey!
Average quality Thai food. Nothing superb but the lunch specials are definitely a great deal, and there's a wide selection to choose from.
The chicken is definitely juicy and flavourful. It's definitely a step up from your typical Swiss Chalet rotisserie chicken. There were a variety of sides to choose from, but the rice dish had a kind of weird taste to it. Definitely wouldn't recommend the rice for a side.
Came here for dinner on a weeknight - it was surprisingly very packed! Good thing we made reservations beforehand! I think the kitchen staff wasn't expecting that many people because our food took a while to come out. ROASTED PORK & JELLYFISH 3/5Roasted pork skin was very crunchy - I don't usually like roasted pork but I thought they did a good job with this dish.GEODUCK (sashimi geoduck and/or geoduck cooked in broth) 5/5Omgosh.. a-m-a-z-i-n-g! We had geoduck at another Chinese restaurant before - they didn't slice the geoduck thin enough. The way they sliced it up here was perfect :)Can be eaten as sashimi with wasabi and soy sauce or can be cooked in hot broth, dipped with spicy soy sauce. Both were delicious!Personally, I preferred the cooked version more. We were all saying how yummy it was while nomming this - goldstars.. goldstars..!! Will definitely come back for more of this.SALTED EGG YOLK BATTERED GEODUCK & ASPARAGUS 4.5/5I believe it is the shell part of the geoduck that was cooked in the salted egg yolk batter for this dish. Very delicious!SEA CUCUMBER with SHRIMP 4/5Love the sea cucumber! It was very chewy and retained it's original flavour despite the sauces that were poured over it.BRAISED RIB STEAK 5/5The sauce is sooo good! The meat was very tender and juicy - soaked all the flavour in! DESSERTS - RED BEAN SWEET SOUP, MANGO PUDDING & ALMOND COOKIES 3/5I really liked the almond cookies because they heat it up before serving - mango pudding was also delicious.
I'll rate Akasaka Japanese Restaurant 3.5/5 stars. I came here as a group of 4 for the teppanyaki dinner. I think service was good in general except for that one woman on the phone when I was trying to book a table. She said (rudely) the place was too full to accommodate our group but when I called again and a man picked up, he gave us a table right away.. very strange.. I'd definitely recommend calling and booking early!Highlights from the teppanyaki dinner:* Black Cod (my all time favourite dish at ANY teppanyaki - I need to know how to marinated the cod fish like they do!)* Beef cubes* Beef & Enoki wrap * Shrimps (very fresh!)* Fried rice (I usually need to pack this because of how full I am at the end of the meal)Usually the chefs does a lot of table tricks during the meal, the chef I'd recommend here is Ken! He wasn't there when I visited Akasaka restaurant last time but hopefully he still works there.. He's really good!
Points up for the decor! Yummy food :)We ordered the set meal that came with:- Marinated sausages & bean curd with veggies- "Hand-shredded" chicken (I liked this one a lot!)- Sweet & sour pork (The fruit was guava.. pretty special - it was yummy!)- Salted egg yolk battered lobster (My favourite! There was salted egg yolk battered pumpkin too)- Lobster with vermicelli- Bok choy with mixed meatsDessert: ALMOND SWEET SOUPI don't usually like almond sweet soup but this place made it so good :D We will definitely return and will try their specialty soups ("done tong"). We didn't know about pre-ordering this until we arrived. Make sure you mention it in the reservations if you plan on trying this!
What I like about Magic Noodle is that the chef actually makes the noodle in front of everyone.. So they weren't kidding about handmade noodles! HahaI'd recommend the LAMB and TOFU SKEWERS - so yummy! I like the sauce they marinate it with.. It's both sweet & spicy.I ordered the imitation crab & fish/meatballs noodles, it is more on the light end of taste buds - I'll come back again to try the Taiwanese Beef Noodles ( 紅燒牛肉麵).
My friends and I used to frequently come to this place for mega-portioned desserts. We came to Caffe Demetre recently and realized they changed up the ice cream & waffle / crepe selections..They changed their whole menu! They took away my favourite one! I can't remember the name of it - it's the one with oreo cookie crumbles. Oh well, we had a great time nonetheless.MOO LA LA + BELGIAN WAFFLE (4/5)(Roche Ice cream, Sliced Banana, Nutella and Praline Croquant)My friend and I shared this. I'll probably order this again when I re-visit. The ice cream is so yummy. :D
I came to Yu Seafood (漁膳房) with my family for dinner. The quality of food was great; the service was okay. We were seated in one of the rooms at the back of the restaurant for dinner. We ordered from the VIP Menu.Highlights of the night:* Stir Fried Lobster with Noodle Fish & Garlic - This was one of my favourites! The lobster absorbed so much flavour. It was stacked up like jenga for the display. Cool display but we found it tough getting the lobster pieces.* Japanese red snapper sashimi platter- Loved the red snapper sashimi, sooo fresh! We would order more of this dish if we didn't order that many lol* Steamed green bass- I loved this fish. It was very freshly cooked. Juicy and soft in texture. The sauce needs improvement and more sauce would've made it taste better.* King Crab boiled with sake - Very yummy. The display was also picture-worthy. The sake flavour wasn't that strong, I actually couldn't taste it in the king crab."Premium" dessert of the day:It was grass jelly and watermelons LOLL.. I was like, what premium....?!I liked the dessert nonetheless... It wasn't exactly what I thought as what a "premium dessert" is though lol
Friendly staff - good service.TOM YUM SOUP 4/5Not too spicy, I think I'd choose this as my favourite thing on the menu.MANGO SALAD 4/5I want to know what sauce they use to make this! I love this! Makes a great appetizer to start off your mealBEEF SKEWERS 2.5/5The meat is a little too soft - they might have marinated the beef too long? BEEF BRISKET CURRY RICE 1/5I'd prefer if they add more coconut milk broth onto the curry. The curry they had was on the bitter end (for some odd reason..?). It actually reminded me of Chinese herbal medicines.. I don't like this at all :SJAJA (DESSERT) 3/5Mmm this was good! It was warm when we got this, would've tasted better if it was hot - but the flavour makes up for it!
I came here for dinner with my family. We heard good reviews about this place from a friend. I was expecting an izakaya similar to Juu but Tsuki was more like a Korean sports bar. The service was great but the food could be better. The takowasabi wasn't good - there wasn't enough wasabi sauce so it tasted a little bland. The spicy chicken with cheese was too dry and it also lacked flavouring. I also thought the menu needs more izakaya selections, so far it leans towards a Korean restaurant rather than a Japanese izakaya.
After the renovation, this Starbucks adopted a more classy and modern design. The atmosphere feels cozy and friendly, the food and drinks are delicious, and the staff is very accommodating. Shout out to the employee, Sara, for offering exceptional service!
I came to the realization that if you're in this area looking for a late night meal, then this place is probably your best bet. The service is quick and the food is good - for eating at a restaurant at this time in the night, you get a bang for your buck. My only warning would be that my lamb skewers were overly seasoned with MSG/salt (although it was more meaty this time since my last review). I mean, it's the perfect type of food for a hangover.. but not so much when you're sober.I also found that the lamb noodle soup was lacking in actual pieces of lamb meat but the broth was very flavorful. Oh well, I guess that's what happens when lamb is expensive and the selling price is kept reasonable. Overall though, the soup noodles are fairly tasty (especially when you're craving something hot and filling past 11pm).
Came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon. Not too busy, not too loud, not too long of a wait for food! Overall, this place was pretty standard, in a good way.Food was acceptable and prices were average. I would recommend the stir fry seafood vermicelli, which was pretty flavorful, and the overall selection of BBQ meats, which were nice tender cuts. Nothing was exceptionally delicious but I definitely wouldn't mind coming here again.(If you've been to Congee Queen, this place is very similar to that)
This place is ran by Koreans so the maki rolls are all Korean-style aka super large size, but I think I actually like them better like this. It's more difficult to eat in one bite but there's an abundance of filling!The Alaskan Salmon roll was yummy because you could actually taste the freshness of the scallop pieces embedded inside. The sashimi lunch combo #6 was just okay. The dynamite roll was great and I really enjoyed its crunchy aspect, but the sushi and sashimi pieces were just standard. I found a long string of tendon in one piece of sashimi, so it mustn't have been a very good cut. My boyfriend also ordered a pork katsu donburi and the flavor was quite good. I really liked that they had some thinly sliced vegetables on top to complement the carb-heavy meal. The pork katsu however, was just average. Nothing special.The one thing that I really didn't like about this place was the complimentary salad. I was so disappointed that it was so barren. It was just romaine lettuce and dressing when most other places would give at least a cherry tomato or a cucumber slice.. The price point here is also set slightly above average.
The super long lineups that are almost out the door should already be a sign that this place is a solid Chinese BBQ joint. Having tried the BBQ pork (chasiu), BBQ duck, BBQ chicken, and soy sauce chicken, the cuts of meat I got were fairly good. Because they were tender and saucy, I was able to eat a lot more rice than usual! I also really liked that they gave us some green onion and ginger on the side, without having to ask. It definitely made the meal tastier.Their price point is fair for their location in Richmond Hill but I would say that I could definitely find better and cheaper in Scarborough.
Yet another Chinese restaurant for a standard peking duck dinner. I really can't say much more than that. It was fine, tasted good, but I can't say that anything was exceptional.The lobster e-fu noodles was also just good. The 3lb lobster itself was fresh, juicy, and, well, everything you expect lobster to be. However, I found that the e-fu noodles could use a little more flavour. I had mixed feelings about the vegetable dish (dou miu). Some parts were cooked to a soft tenderness, while others were still really tough and chewy.Ah, and on a "good night", you may be lucky enough to clash with an external group function and get to enjoy your dinner conversations by screaming over oldies' Chinese karaoke! And if you're SUPER lucky, there may actually even be decent singers..! :P
First off, I'd like to say that the service is amazing. The waiters were nice guys who were warm, inviting, helpful, and patient (with customers who ask a lot of questions like myself). However, I must also be honest and say that the food was overall very mediocre. My boyfriend order bugolgi which tasted fine but I had issues with my order which was the seafood tofu soup. There was evidently a lack of seafood (only two shrimps and one mussel) and the shrimps were pretty disgusting. They were tiny shrimps not de-shelled and worse, not fresh at all. I liked that they had purple rice but I also found that to be a little too soggy/soft. Overall, I wouldn't rate the food experience to be poor but I definitely commend the waiters.
But why is this place so popular?? Having stumbled upon this Viet restaurant on Yelp while in the area, I came here for lunch at 11 not knowing that it opened at 11:30. So no biggie, I go walk around the T&T next door for a while and return at around 11:25 to see if they were opened yet. TO MY SURPRISE.. like an actual "wtf?" surprise, there were over 30 people already lined up in front of the restaurant??? As soon as the doors opened, people flooded in and seated themselves until the restaurant was at full capacity. At that point, more people were still coming in so they already started to have a queue of people waiting in line for the next rounds!! Insane! I thought I was in for a real treat - found myself at a hidden gem perhaps?! To my disappointment though, I found the food here to be VERY subpar. Maybe it's because I live closer to the Scarborough area but the pho, vermicelli, and rice wrap rolls here are NOTHING compared to the Viet restaurants I normally go to. From the flavors and textures to portion sizes and sheer variety on the menu, this place just wasn't that good..The food here isn't bad by any means but I just really don't understand why they would have line ups! ..I'm thinking it's only because there's not much food to choose from up in this area.
Scaddabush makes by far the most delicious mozzarella I've ever had, I would highly recommend it. I also really enjoyed the Capri pasta which was an authentic flat egg noddle fettuccine with assorted seafood. The calamari was a great finger food to share and the pizzas were generously topped.My overall experience was commendable - friendly service, fancy ambiance, and delicious food. My only complaint would be the slightly slower than usual service of food.
I'm personally not too big on pho but this place is alright, the portions are large and the food is okay. I wouldn't mind coming back. I liked that the pho noodles were thin and had a nice chewy texture to it but I thought that the rice and grilled meat dish was just mediocre. Overall, it seems that this business is doing well because of the plethora of guests waiting for seats during lunch hours.
I don't frequent this area often but came here with friends because of their recommendation. I ordered the Lunch Sushi Combo A and was served with a surprisingly large bowl of complimentary salad for starters. The vegetables were fresh, colorful to the eye, and along with the dressing, pleasant to taste. We then got to choose between the option of the standard miso soup or a noodle soup. Never having heard of it before, I picked the noodle soup and quite liked it - it tasted similar to chicken noodle soup (minus the chicken) but had a unique Japanese twist to it. The noodles were thinly stranded and soft and the soup wasn't overwhelming with MSG. The sushi itself was neatly presented on a large plate and was reasonably proportioned. The fish was good and the sushi held together nicely. A complimentary orange was also served after the meal. The flesh of the orange was pre-cut into cubes but orderly placed back into the skin for presentation. It looked quite nice and I overall appreciated that they made such efforts throughout the meal.
I don't quite understand why the reviews are so high for this place because after comparing it to the other ramen places that I've been to recently, Koi Sakana isn't even nearly a notable competitor. For a Japanese cuisine, the food here tastes too Chinese. The noodles are very bouncy and chewy, and the portion sizes are small. The supposedly "runny eggs" were overcooked and the yolks had already solidified (if you follow my reviews, you'll know that this component is really important to me). I ordered the "Pork Cartilage Ramen" and I expected the cartilage to be in individual pieces like the picture on the menu but it came as one big chunky piece. I found this difficult and awkward to eat. The one sliver of narutomaki was so thinly sliced that I could barely even chew it and the soup base was very disappointingly bland.I'm not a fan of spice but my partner ordered the Spicy Ramen at Level 2 and found it uncomfortably spicy. He also ordered extra ramen which came as a side order in a bowl without soup (it's mentioned on the menu as well), which I found weird. For its cheaper price and convenient location, I would give the restaurant 2.5 stars. But because the food took a long time to come even though we went pretty late at around 9pm, I've rounded down.
I don't think there are many authentic Malaysian restaurants nearby so it's hard to compare but I had quite an enjoyable meal here.5/5: The pineapple rice was delicious. There was just the right amount of flavoring that coated each grain of rice and the ingredients were fresh and generously proportioned. The shrimps were large and succulent and the sizeable chunks of pineapples were juicy. 4/5: The roti was great and it embodied a fragrant aroma of freshly baked bread. It had more of a chewy texture but was still soft and thankfully, not too greasy. The beef curry was quite good too. Although specified as spicy, it wasn't too pungent and I was able to have it despite my low spice tolerance. The beef was alright but probably could've been more tender and I felt that the curry dish was rather small and could've been more generous considering how large the pieces of roti were.2/5: From other Yelp reviews, the boneless fried chicken seemed to be a favorite but after trying it myself, it really wasn't that great. The chicken was overfried to the point where the skin was just too crispy and dry. The meat wasn't juicy or tender and the dish didn't even come with a sauce!I would come back for the pineapple rice and perhaps try a few new dishes but definitely would not order the fried chicken again.
For a ramen place in the suburbs (not comparing it to downtown places), this place isn't good.  Their menu is based on customizability, but the pricing for adding anything is really not worth it.  The portions are extremely small and broth is pretty bad.  The noodles are decent, but the broth tastes like they are using powdered chicken or beef stock as a base.  I would rate this place higher if their pricing more accurately reflected their food quality, which is low.
I really enjoyed having dinner at this place.  I had the fish cream pasta.  Unlike 99.99% of all Chinese restaurants in Markham that attempt to serve Western food, this place got the texture of their pasta right (El Dente)!  So I was impressed by that.  The restaurant is quite small, so it's very difficult to get a seat without a reservation.  The prices are reasonable and food quality is good for a Chinese restaurant.
Usually get take out here once a week  Food is outstanding and quality is always high.  Their online ordering system is great and portions are generous.  Love this place.
This is such a great sushi/japanese/korean food restaurant in Richmond Hill.  It used to be an Ichiban, but they've completely renovated and have new management.  The sushi is very good and prepared very well.  The quality is fresh and the presentation of the food is the best I've seen in Richmond Hill/Markham.  The service here is better than the service you will receive at any restaurant in the suburbs and is on par with a downtown restaurant (without the extremely high price tag).  I think the restaurant is family run, and you can really tell that the owners care about your experience and food.  Not even on Bay Street restaurants have I had the server walk me to the door and thank me for my business as I was leaving.  This is a fantastic restaurant and I hope they do well.
Very good Western food prepared by Cantonese people.  It is similar to other Cantonese Cafes in Richmond Hill, but the price and quality is a lot better than what you will find along the Hwy 7 and 16th area.  I absolutely love the lunch specials at this place.
Food isn't that good.  Service is terrible and prices are high for the food quality.  The restaurant is huge, so you better pray you get seated somewhere the waitresses can see you or you're never going to get your order in.  The parking lot for this place is also a nightmare on the weekends.
Edit - Been here very frequently that past fews months and each time got a stomach ache from their sushi.  Their cooked food is still very good.
Love this place.  Amazing western style food.  A little on the pricey side, but you get a lot more than most Chinese cafes in Richmond Hill.Their soups and garlic bread which come with the combos are very filling as well.  I usually need to take the main entree home because I'm so full from the soup.
I used to really enjoy the quality of the sushi at this place, but they have really taken a nose dive. I usually always get their dynamite and spicy salmon rolls, but the last 2 times I've been here, I've gotten really bad food poisoning each time.  Beware, they may have switched to lower grade sushi.
I really like the food here.  It costs a bit more than other asian restaurants that offer similar higher end western food,  but the cakes at this place are awesome.  I usually like to pick up birthday cakes here because they are that good!
Little Saigon has really good Pho, but my favourite items on the menu are their rice dishes.  The Lemon Grass chicken and Lemon grass pork with rice are the best in Markham/Richmond Hill.  Their prices are also incredibly reasonable.I wish they had a larger beverage selection though.  Nevertheless, I continue to come back to this place.  NOTE:  They only accept CASH.
Absolutely the best sushi in the GTA.  I have eaten at very high end sushi restaurants in Toronto as well, like Ki at BCE place.  This place is way better.  It's pretty pricey and DOES NOT offer all you can eat, which is a sign of their quality.The price is high for sushi in the suburbs, but the quality and presentation is amazing.
This has become my new go-to place for Ramen in the Markham area  All their ramen bowls are very good and the price is reasonable.  The only downside is the limited seating and that there is only 1 waitress doing everything right now.  It's really hard for her to clear dishes, while taking orders, and bring out new orders all at the same time.  As such, the food does take a bit longer to get to you.Despite this, I usually go during off-peak meal hours because I enjoy their ramen so much.
Good bar, good patio, typical franchise chain food.  I have no complaints.  Waitresses are good looking too.
I usually get take-out from Mr. Congee and it's pretty good Chinese food.  It's better than most of the other similar restaurants like congee wong, I would say their food quality is better than Congee Wong.  Their prices are are reasonable and portions are quite large.
The food and drinks here are quite good, however, service is incredibly slow.  There is also very limited parking as it is situated in old-richmond hill.
Cheap viet/thai food.  The service is much better than most Chinese owned restaurants.  The decor is also much nicer than several Chinese restaurants in the Richmond Hill/Markham area.
The food here is tasty (but lower quality) chinese food that is fast.  I like coming here when I'm in a rush and need my order delivered the moment I put it in, which is what this place does, so I appreciate it.  Waitresses usually don't speak English, so you better learn how to point at what you want.  You get what you pay for, so I can't complain...the best part about this place is the speed of their service.  They want you in and out of there as quickly as possible, so when you're in a hurry and know exactly what you want to eat come to this place.PS - Their washrooms are nastyyyy.  Don't use them.
The bubble tea here is bleh. Tastes extremely water down.  The only reason I still come here is for the abundant seating and the ability to sit and talk with friends.  I ordered a cake here once and it was extremely freezer burned.I used to come here for lunch specials with the Mrs. since it would include a bubble tea, but they have since removed that special.  The waitresses and waiters don't make rounds in this fairly large building, therefore you will wait for hours to get the bill or place your order.
I really enjoyed Little Saigon. I stumbled upon it while looking for a Vietnamese restaurant that wasn't a chain such as 88 of Train. We had their vermicelli with lemon grass beef and pho. We were a little disappointed they didn't offer fresh noodles  for the pho like some Vietnamese restaurants, but the broth made up for it! It was very flavourful! The vermicelli was also great, however the fish sauce could use a little more tang.
Dropped by here for lunch the other day. The soup filled dumpings and lamb dumplings were very tasty, I like how the dumpling skin is very thing. Good value as well, 12 lamb dumplings for $5
I stumbled upon Joe's with an after work craving of souvlaki. I went with a lamb souvlaki dinner to go and was not disappointed. The meat was cooked medium as I requested and it was soft and juicy. This definitely hit the spot and I hope to return to try their infamous shwaramas as reviewed by fellow Yelpers
I came in here for lunch one afternoon expecting a similar experience and menu like the location at Warden and Steeles, boy was this the opposite. We ordered a rice with mince pork and the portion was extremely small, it was essentially a small bowl of rice with a table spoon of the meat sauce. What a disappointment. I had to send this back for more sauce and it seemed that the food was already made (likely frozen) and just microwaved to be served. Avoid this place!
Came here for a company team lunch. Food was great!  Loved the scissors provided for the pizzas! Will be back to try the house made mozzarella. Also joining their website subscription gives you a nice discount as well
I still have a hard time picking between burger priest or fresh burger. In terms in Markham this is my favourite burger. The meat just melts in your mouth. For some reason the double fresh burger tastes way better than the single!
Nice to see a more high end Italian restaurant up in this area. We enjoyed the pan friend gnocchi, the cream sauce was delicious and rich. Veal Parmesan was a very large portion.
Giving  this 5 starts strictly on the panzerotti. It's huge! Lots of filling and even tastes great the next day when we reheat in the toaster oven.
Dayali used to be a place that I would go to for a good reliable peking duck when it first opened. They don't take reservations (unless you have a party over 7 people) and around typical dinner times they are pretty busy, so that wait can be about 30 minutes to an hour. This is the reason that my last two visits here were around 9:00pm - to avoid the line-ups. Both times we've been disappointed with specifically the service. We usually get the peking duck of course, but the last time it seemed like the duck as pre-cut and didn't have the typical skin crispiness to it. The eggplant was very salty, whereas it felt that the salt was missed in the duck soup! The service was horrendous. They were attentive to get your orders in, but once the food came, it was very difficult to get any service. We had to walk up and grab our take-out boxes on our own. All the waitresses and waiters were sitting at a table playing on their phones. We understood that it was near closing time, but it's still unacceptable with customers are still actively dining at the restaurant. Would I come back? I'd probably give their Steeles location a try, I've had good duck here before and I still have faith that it could be found again as this is a reputable franchise from Beijing.
Pretty overpriced for a dumpling place. Everything was mediocre. We ordered the large soup filled dumpling but it was really just a novelty item and extremely hard to sip hot soup out of a straw even after letting it sit. We ended up breaking it apart and it was just a mess. A regular fried rice was $15, I felt this be by hefty for nothing special. My stars all go to the regular soup filled pork dumplings -these were great, and skin was perfectly thin; something I'd pay a premium for. Otherwise there are way better Shanghai places in the Richmond Hill area.
Great food at very reasonable prices. It gets pretty busy during dinner time so be prepared to wait a bit.  Definitely worth the wait though. Roti with curry is always a favorite, their last was also tasty
Very unorganized restaurant!We had come here for Chinese new year dinner and booked a table with a set meal ahead of time - with the reservation you get $30 off. Upon our arrival they seated us and we thought they they had acknowledged our reservation. We waited for our meal for 20 minutes. They then came to tell us that their smallest lobster was 6lbs so we would have to pay extra for the one lb which was $20 extra...we were ok with this, but not happy we were not given the option of getting the appropriate sized lobster on the set meal. 10 minutes later they came back saying we didn't reserve the meal ahead of time and that they didn't have the Peking duck available with the set meal. As well we wouldn't get the $30 discount either since they didn't have us on the reservation list. We decided to leave as they had the power to honour the $30 reservation discount and wouldn't. While we were leaving there were several other tables who had the same issue.
I would say this new ramen joint is just ok. I had higher expectations due to reviews at their locations. We ordered the black ramen with sea salt and thick noodles. The noodles were a bit undercooked however,  the broth was thick and Creamy with lots of flavour. We asked for the Japanese red pepper flakes but instead got a bowl of black pepper, was not impressed with that. For dessert, we ordered the crepe cake and it was pretty good, a little on the dense side but the taste was there. Good for a quick fix if you're nearby. As this is a new establishment I would only hope that it will get better.
First off, the entrance is quite hidden, around the corner and through a backdoor. I was also seated in a semi-circle lounge type seat so it was kinda odd because it was right in the main hallway where everyone walks by and looks at you and what you're eating. They have quite an extensive menu but the food was so so, I'll probably only be back if a group of friends want a variety of different things.
Finally a Taiwanese joint that has decent operating times and location!I usually like to go to Wei's but seating and operating times are scarce.The stinky tofu comes out crisp and hot. I've been told the pork blood on a stick is pretty awesome. Noodle soups are quite good as well. I really like scallion cakes but there's was tasteless so I won't be ordering that again.Parking is quite plentiful if you go to the underground lot close by, most spots in front of the restaurant get taken up.
Wow what a pleasure to have a burger go to place uptown. It basically follows the In N Out formula out west, fresh and simple. In fact the taste and packaging is very close. And a lot cheaper than Burger Priest. Ample parking and seating (most get takeout).
Come here for the curry and the crab of course.Had curry brisket was very good with the right amount of spice. I got a side of French bread and it was toasted to perfection crusty on the outside and soft on the inside. Also got salted tofu which was great dunking in the curry.Didn't have the crab this time around as it was $40 a pop, all best on market price so ask in advance.
My fav go to Dim Sum place, you better go early or late, anything in between 12-2pm and you'll be waiting on the weekends. In general everything is fresh and delicious. I would suggest especially the egg tarts and the steamed pork bun. Egg tarts always sell out extra quick. Tip: If you're making a trip out here I would suggest calling in advance, in some cases they shut down dim sum early or do not serve it all due to weddings. As well watch where you park, if you park in other business spots, the owners will literally come out and yell at you. If you can't find spot you can park at the lower level pit area.
This place is quite popular in R.Hill so come off hours if you don't want to wait.I like this hot pot place because they give you a large table even for just 2 people so you can spread out all your stuff. As well ventilation seems to be pretty good although at some points in the dinner it seemed like all the steam was going straight into my face.You can get plenty full on the basic combo which has a good assortment of meats (beef, pork, beef tongue, chicken) but you can also go all out and get the seafood one as well which has lobster which you can boil yourself!I noticed some reviews saying the beef wasn't that great but on my visit the beef was quite good and looked fresh although some were frozen a tad. Service prompt but don't expect a smile as they're super busy and tired I'm assuming.
One of the best Dim Sums I've had, I usually use Dragon Boat as a bench mark so it's up there. The sticky rice wrapped in egg is very interesting, sorta like east meets west type of breakfast taste. Not a durian fan but had to try the durian pastry as I've never seen it presented as such, was surprisingly good however took a few excel gums to clear the durian taste. Only gripe was that each item takes a while to come out but it seems everything is freshly made so I can't complaint too much.
I've been here twice before and it didn't really impress me, I was actually disappointed as the decor was nice and the food looked authentic. My previous visits I ordered mostly "dry" items such as the appetizers or pad thai. This time I decided to go all curry and my experience was way better! I got the curry beef with roti which tasted very fresh and roti was just warm enough. As well as we got Tom Yum soup which was very good as well. In my opinion I would go for curries only here. This place does get busy so for large groups I would definitely suggest calling ahead.
I second the review by Bebe B., photos look great but food is mediocre.Also service by the guy working there is pretty horrible and rude. When we first arrived with an infant care seat, there were 2 tables available but he gestured us to sit at the high chair tables which definitely not ideal and dangerous for a car seat. When we asked if we could we sit at the table furthest from the door (it was cold) he nonchalantly gestured us to sit at the table closer to the door. We were close to leaving right there and then but decided to give it a shot.I got the Indonesian chicken which looked great in the pictures but the fried/baked chicken was 'OK' and the rice had too much dried shrimp so it tasted off. Baked spaghetti was dry and too much rosemary or some kind of spice.Only reason I'm giving it a 2 star compared to 1 star is the women server we got was polite and accommodated us to a new table away from the door.Never coming back for sure, much smaller and narrower than many other better options for HK Cafe, rude service, and dated decor.
This place is always a good lunch place. Soup with no MSG and good tasting. Nicely cooked noodle and quick on getting food out. They offer alot of variety in the noodle since you get to pick and choose.
Raman resturant in this area have become overwhelmingly popular. The issue is, there are so much of it that it's hard to choose from. If you are going to start a business with Raman, you need to have something that's special to that that restaurant. Unfortunately, this is not the case. The Raman is the same as other place. (Most likely bought from factory) I got a Japanese shou and beef slice. Nothing special. The beef slice are store bought and the Japanese shou is dried and not very tasty.
This sushi sits in a light industrial area. It's not ayce so the sushi quality is there. I normally go there for lunch. Beware of their line ups. Sometimes, they over work the kitchen causing delay in food served. Most of the time it's ok. The lunch menu is pretty good, got sushi and roll. The portions are generous so you will get a filling meal. (Keep in mind I'm 5'6" and 190lbs) I also had the sushi boat and the sushimi are pretty fresh overall. I this would be my standard dinner place. If it would improve on the wait time and create something special, it would get the last star.
Change of ownership. The food quality has changed. Most dishes are not too salty but very oily. The wok chief uses alot of oil in all dishes. This place also used to be a HK style cafe during lunch service. This is no longer the case. I mean, who would get a lobster for lunch special? I guess some people would. The lunch menu is disappointing. All dishes that are serve are mostly for dinner. I really hope they would read this review and bring the lunch menu back. They used to have a good bake chicken rice.
This is another non ayce sushi place so quality is better. The sushimi is fresh and the sushi rice is made delicious. The price for a sushi lunch is not bad. Spicy Salmon is one of the best dish if you want to get that. The key to good sushi is freshness and they got it down correctly. This is now my new go to place for lunch.
This is a authentic Asian dumpling house. I been here a couple times but this time, I had a party of 10 for lunch. You can only imagine the  different variety of food. The dumpling here are good and the dishes here are good. It's a nice Asian dinner/lunch place. Nothing more nothing less.
Not good. Expected a cafe to serve good expresso drinks. But what I got was a water down version. I ordered a mocha, taste was not even close. Tasted water down. The milk with water was filled 3/4 and the expresso was on top. The other cup was an Americano. No coffee flavor what so ever. If you want to operate a cafe, please make good expresso.
Finally ... a chinese dessert place close to where I live! Yay!Found this place from yelp so decided to give this a try, in short, I like it! The décor is clean and simple and spacious. The service in general is friendly and are quite accommodating. This place offer variety of sweet treats and drinks. As a first visit, we tried several items and to my surprise, quite good! I think they just updated their menu... so looks like they are still evolving based on customer reactions to their offerings. So we tried these:1. Waffle - This is surely a surprise for me as not too many places in uptown that offer these "bubble" waffles (see my pic). (~$5 if I remember correctly). It is freshly made upon ordering and it's crunchy on the outside and soft inside. I tried the black sesame flavored one and I liked it.2. Hot Herbal tea - T14 on the current menu. This tea contain Osmanthus (some flower thingie) with Longan and Goji. The taste is lighter than the herbal tea you will find from Ten Ren, but tea here taste less artificial. I do prefer this kind. Price is similar to ten ren, ~$7.50 level. 3. Sesame Dumpling in Ginger soup with Osmanthus - sesame dumpling is soft with thin wrapping filled with strong black sesame flavor. If you like ginger, you shouldn't be disappointed as the ginger soup is loaded with ginger flavor. 4. Walnet puree - Taste like made with real walnut and not the kind you find using lots of starch and sugar. Good quality.From talking to the owner, turns out owner here was the previous owner of another dessert place in Market Village (桂花堂 or something like that) several years ago. So if you used to love the Chinese dessert and/or Sesame Dumpling there, you can find them here again.  This place also offer other snacks and bubble tea, but I didn't have a chance to try... I do have limited tummy space. Maybe next time ... which will be quite soon, considering this place is the closest dessert place from where I live, plus quality is good also, from my personal preferences.
Quite good!! 3.5 starsThe restaurant is cosy and the service is better than the normal kind that you get from typical vietnamese restaurant.I had the chicken wings ($5), beef stew with baguette ($9), and grilled pork with spring roll ($9). Each of the dish are quite good and taste fresh and I enjoyed each of the dish. No compliant. I will definitely go again. Maybe next time I will try their  Pho and see if the soup is any different from other restaurant.Oh, also tried the lime soda, quite good as well, this drink has strong lime flavour and complimented with some mint leafs which I like. All in all, its better than the typical Vietnamese restaurant in terms of food quality and services and the good thing is the price is comparable as well. :)
I gotta say for this restaurant, the food is ok. But the reason I am giving this a two stars, is because of the price you paid vs the quality of food you get. And mind you I do categorized myself as the type of customer who prefer quality over $$. But i think what this restaurant offered is abit expensive. For example, a "mixed grill on the hot iron pan", it cost $28... while I can get it from other similar restaurants in the same category for less than $15. Yes, the quality is better but not worth this big jump of price using my price/performance scale. It is subjective but this is how I feel. I would put this restaurant in the category of "I have given it a try - it's not bad - but I probably wont go again", because there are many other substitutes out there...If you haven't been to this restaurant, give it a try as the food is not bad, maybe their pricing won't impact you as much as it had impacted me.
As a HK style restaurant, I would say this one has the better food quality and taste when comparing to other HK style restaurants in TO. But of course, it's abit more expensive as well, but on average about 2-3 bucks more per dish than the norm. So for me, who prefer quality over price, especially when the difference is 2-3 bucks more, I would pick this restaurant.I have tried several dishes there but the one I liked the most is the "baked pork chops on fried rice". The pork chop is thicker than the one you usually get in a HK style restaurant and actually has some real meat taste (which often lacks in HK style restaurants). So I would recommend this dish because it just work so well with my palate.But the place closes at 8pm, i wish they would open just abit longer so it can fit my work schedule better as well. :) But I guess I cannot have the whole world.
I happened to be in this plaza today and see that its open today. I think it probably have just opened recently or maybe just several days ago, not 100% sure.. but anywayWas planning to eat lunch there but at the end, looks like there isn't much choices for eating lunch. Maybe the food items are hidden somewhere in the menu but I could only find 3 rice dish but those choices are not want I wanted to eat today. I was thinking in getting some soup noodles but couldn't find any so at the end, I just ordered a hot honey green tea to go at the end.Maybe the shop is just new, when I get home and drink this beverage, the honey green tea doesn't taste like green tea. It taste more like red tea, maybe they made a mistake and gave me a red tea instead, but even despite that,  it is way too sweet. I ended up double the volume with hot water and it is still sweet for me. So, I think they need to work on the sweetness portion abit but Green Grotto already have many shops around so i am surprised they can messed up the sweetness like this. The two stars is really coming from this drink. As a tea shop (which they even used as part of their business name) that specialized in drinks, what I get today is quite unacceptable, not to also mention this honey green tea cost $5.28 (tax included). So I do have some expectation ... hope things will get better...The decoration is clean and new but it's rather small. So I think in the future when they smooth out the operational bumps and more people start coming, this place can get packed. But it's nice to see a bubble tea shop in this area now, I will go there again in a week or two and see if things will be improved!
For this restaurant, I think it's ok, but not extraordinary either, specially when you factored in the price.Service- The service is not the kind of friendly service you would expect to get from restaurant run by Japanese. It just doesnt feel friendly for some reason, and I do have to wait a long time for getting my tea refilled, to place my orders or getting the bill. So service is average, for this price range. Food - The sushi or the fish used is better than typical sushi place and it's good,  so I am ok to pay the sushi in their price range. They do taste fresh and have fish taste, which I like! What I dont like is their choice of Wasabi, it tasted like the kind you will get from the all you can eat restaurant. I mean, I don't expect I will get the freshly grated one like you get from Zen or Shoushin, but not these ones that looks like clay. I think it's actually ruin the sushi in a way. I think Michi use better wasabi than this place. Again, it's just my preference and maybe you dont care much about wasabi. :)Personally, if I am going to order 12-14 piece of sushi, I probably would prefer to pay an extra $10 to $15 more and go to Zen instead. But this place is located closer to where I live, so I will go there again.
I found this restaurant from yelp so decided to give it a try after work. I Ordered take out from this restaurant and got the chirashi sushi.Food - 2.5 to 3 stars max. Which is based only on the chirashi sushi because that's the only item I ordered. Typical quality of fish, it's nothing really stands out but it's not bad either, average. Similar to the quality you will get from the MI-NE restaurant abit north from here. But that restaurant can be packed at times so this restaurant would a good alternative as well if MI-NE is super busy. ;) Coming back to the chirashi, it does have variety including scallop. It even comes with ponzu sauce if you want abit of tangy flavour in your food. I don't use much of it but I am sure someone will like it.  :)Service- in terms of service, they gave me a feeling that they want to provide good services and to make sure that I am happy when leaving the restaurant. I do appreciate their effort. For example, since it took some time to prepare for my order, they want to make sure I am comfy by provide me with some tea and then a hand roll 5 min later. When I get my order, they also gave me a free order of fried spring roll. It's not a lot in money value but it's their sincereness and thoughts that matters to me.. extra star from me for this. Hopefully they can keep up this kind of philosophy by valuing every customer that comes in.
3 stars max.. Leaning towards a 2.5 starsI tried one location in downtown and sort of happy to see another ramen shop in uptown besides Sansotei... And when I walked by, there is no line up! Yay! Let's give it a try...The place is big and new, looks tidy. But the food is more important. So I tried the pork based ramen, the soup is hot enough which I like but lacks the flavour - it's some thick broth but hardly has any taste or flavour in the soup. And the egg yolk was not runny that I normally expect from Japanese ramen. Somehow, the ramen overall and the taste doesn't meet my expectation. and the service needs improvement as well. For example, when I asked for the bill, it took a long time and seems that they need to wait for specific people to handle the bill... which is fine to have specific person to do this job but the end result is the bill take a long time to come ...Not sure if I will visit this location soon...
My husband and I did 'date lunch' here.  The food was excellent and the service as well.  I hope we go back again.  Surprisingly, the prices here aren't terribly expensive.  Well worth going here in comparison to some of the other chains and other places you could be sinking your hard earned $$.  What you get are some interesting and well put together plates of food.
I used older yelp reviews to help with my order.  The food is delicious.  The restaurant packed with what looked to me like regulars.  The serving staff helpful and generous.  The service fast.  The prices - ok I thought.  The dim sums are specific to the location.  I'm slowly learning how everyone does everything a bit different.  What is most important to me is how good the food was.Thanks for a great experience!
Had a great take out experience last week.  Food was fresh and spicy.  I will be ordering again to try out more menu items.Having read reviews, I ordered the Manchurian fish, chilli chicken and Singapore rice noodles.
For the cakes, 5 stars.For the meals - not so much. I ordered the roasted lamb and was disappointed that is was not seasoned enough. After two bites, I pushed away my meal and sampled my friend's orders. It takes a very dull meal to stop me from at least attempting to eat it.From what I tasted, one out of the four orders was appetizing.Now on to the cakes. The cakes were very good. I would almost wish this restaurant specialized in cakes and desserts. That or bring up the standard of the meal to that of the cakes.
Very clean tucked away oasis in a hot hot parking lot.  You can actually park behind the building and find a bit of shade. We arrived for lunch and were promptly seated and given menus and cold water to drink. The bowl of Pho we ordered was just the right size. Fresh spring roll fresh and served pretty promptly and with a smile. What amazed me was the flavor of the broth and the subtle flavors that hit your palette.  I enjoyed first to last bite. I am looking forward to returning to try some of the other dishes.
I love their customer rewards program and their drinks.  I have yet to do more than a drive by pickup though.  The atmosphere is wonderful, you walk in and are hit by the cosy pub feel.  I love it!
On a weekday morning service took a LONG time to get to us.  That said, the server was the most motherly friendly lady you could find.  Food is eh-ok for a breakfast diner,  my usual complaints of not having enough seasoning but I believe you get what you order!  I ordered a very generous portion of french toast and unfortunately no real maple syrup served here!  That said, for an early morning pick me up... we were full. :)
Steak done right.  I was amazed by the colorful veggies on my plate.  The Keg is fairly standard fare and you come here to get what you expect.  To quote another reviewer "I wanted something which I know would not disappoint..."  Keg, you have delivered.
Pricey alternative but good alternatives - This Panera bread is pretty busy with friendly staff who will kindly help with the ordering process.  I especially like that what I ate was very filling and nutritious.
I'm upgrading my prior review to 5 stars.  Been trying the ramen in the area and these guys give an amazing experience, lots of options, and in house noodles.
I recently stumbled on this Japanese restaurant as we were attending a Paint Night at Dunlop and Yonge.  I've so far returned twice.  The food portions are amazing.  The Kalbi is incredible.  The sushi is fresh.  They also have a children's menu however when we brought our kids, they only wanted california rolls and the like.  Staff are great.
Brought a whole table full of visiting Sri Lankan grand-folk with me to the table on a weekday morning.  We ordered and were served in due time.  The dimsum was pretty amazing.  Everyone was satisfied even the pickiest of eaters.  The waiters kept bringing us more and more hot sauce (I wonder that they didn't just leave the squeeze bottle).  Overall, a very satisfying experience and we have since been back!
How the years have changed this establishment never ceases to amaze me.  What was once given complimentary is now at a cost.  The reason I gave Tomos 5 stars before was because of that attention to detail, quality of service, and the perks that for the price you were paying you received little things like an extra bowl of house soup or a better quality cut of sushi.  Recent visits to Tomos has revealed it to be on par with all the other sushi places in the area.  It no longer rises above the rest.  Unfortunately for Tomo, the other places are less expensive and if I am at the end of the day paying for exactly the same service and food - then why would I go here?
I ordered a small Abruzzo special pizza (loads of toppings), a large caeser salad, and two desserts.  The total came to $30+.  I was hoping for the pizza to be more than average - especially from the reviews.  The toppings were definitely fresh but the pizza dough itself was a bit too tough for my liking.  The caeser salad was awesome (for a green leafy salad).  The desserts were your run of the mill commercial tiramisu and cadbury chocolate mousse.  I was not impressed - I had hoped that Abruzzo did something a little different.  For the price, and the final experience, I am afraid to say I could have gone with the more common pizza vendors.  On a scale of things considering I was starving and pizza's not my favorite dinner in the world - the fact that I only had 1 slice of pizza and then buried myself in the salad was enough for me to rank this a 3 star rating.  (I have had pizza where I
My most recent visit to Restoran Malaysia was a bit disappointing.  The washrooms were not clean.  Although the restaurant was relatively empty, they seated us (with two children) at the very back where it smelled like cleaning products.  I wonder if the floor had just been mopped.  Because we were with the children, we opted to stay or I would have left just because of the smell.The food was delicious.  The service was incredibly slow and the server not helpful.  When I asked for if I could get some vegetables separate for the infant, she did not seem to comprehend the request.  No was the answer.  In the end, it did not matter since he gobbled up the vegetable curry that was served with their famous roti.  My kids LOVED the food.  The prices were reasonable however the restaurant is now cash only.  Given the size of the restaurant, I would expect they should take credit card. Not only that, the facility should be to a higher standard.  I think I will continue ordering the occasional take out from here but I will not visit in person for awhile.
I don't go here for fast service.   I don't go here if I know what kind of food I want.I go to Destiny if I want a slow cup of tea (or glass of bubble tea) served in the company of friends.  I go to Destiny to have conversation, laughter, and to catch up.  There is no rush here.  This place is big and has almost anything you could crave if you're peckish.  The ambiance is brightly lit and there is always music playing - a dull hum from all the frequent customers.  You don't go here if you want a bubble tea that tastes perfect - BUT you come here if you're looking to chill out and just talk.
Haru is clean, family friendly, and serves up some very good food.  Their lunch menu includes an ice cream dessert.  Everything we ordered came in good time.  The place was pretty busy for a Saturday lunch.
My husband and I are regulars here and it's generally our go to for Cantonese Chow Mein, Fried Turnip cake (?), and an assortment of cravings.  I'm sure there are better and worse establishments but what I really love is the ability to call my order in ahead and just drive up for pickup.
Thursday night visit and was here about a month ago, the service both visits were kind and friendly and they have the Korean style table button for attention. The second visit seemed to be short staffed, the only server was extremely busy and forgot a few things, but I don't blame her. I recommend getting the oyaji combo it can feed 4 people and if need be just get a other maki roll on the side. The combo comes with a wide variety of foods sushi and Korean, udon noodles, ribs... The food was overall pretty good. Sashimi was fine  the spider roll was good. I wasn't a fan of the spicy salmon. The pieces were huge and so much going on with the toppings. It's my favorite maki roll so I'm a bit tough on it. There's a big bowl of udon to be shared as well. Ice cream at the end if you get oyaji combo.
Been here a handful of times and after experimenting I just keep adding dishes to the rotation! The diced beef in the crispy wonton bowl thing is fantastic, very nicely cooked on the rare side. It's also sweet. The general tao is good here (I have to try it at every restaurant). House fried rice has bits of eel, Japanese fish/squid flakes and I think a bit of teriyaki on top. Hot n sour soup is good too! The large is LARGE. The honey bbq pork is exactly what you think it is. Pad Thai isn't anything extraordinary, Just ok. But I would probably go to a Thai place for that dish. Hot pot fish head pieces is ok, but boney so watch out!Service is whatever.. Sometimes attentive sometimes not. Sometimes they speak English, sometimes they don't.
Leaning towards a 3.5 here but overall enjoyed my experience here.  Cash only? I've been reading reviews that it's been a long time issue here that the debit and credit is out of order. Staff are mostly friendly. One server was rough around the edges and the other was extremely polite. The mutton curry with roti is the stand out! Highly recommend it. The eggplant and shrimp was ok. The Indonesian fried rice twas pretty good, seemed like regular fried to me and I've had it in Indonesia (much better). The green chicken curry was pretty spicy and pretty good as well!
Been here a few times,  the all you can eat bbq meat is pretty good minus the high price! This is coming from someone who lived in Korea for 2 years. The service is friendly and attentive with the Korean style call button. They give you the sides which is always  a win. The gamjatang is hit-or-miss, some days the broth is good some days it's flavorless. The meat can also be tough or tender as well. The bibimbap is ok, I've tried the regular and hot stone, nothing special or bad about it. It reminds me to not order it at this place again. The bulgogi is good but usually good at most Korean restaurants. There are definitely better Korean places to eat at. I go here for the convenience. The handful of times I've been here.. I'd give them more of a 2.5 rating.
This has been the worst Korean food experience since living there. I like to try the gamja tang at most places since it is my favourite Korean soup. It was bland. Colourless. Flavourless. And the meat was tough. The side dishes were lack luster too. Only 2 sides and poor quality kimchi. The group I was with were not impressed with their choices too. Except for the bibimbap. The service was less than par as well. Tea was spilt all over someone at our table by the server. She didn't seem very apologetic. And didn't offer anything to make things right. It was very unprofessional as someone who has done that way back as a server. Definitely will not return and the quality of food was not good either. It hurts me to say that I had such a bad experience with a Korean restaurant run by Korean people.
New Vietnamese spot at yonge and weldrick. I have been twice with good and bad experiences. The first visit I got the com bi with all the different meats, it was pretty good, small portion size from what I'm used to and the fish sauce (nuc mum)  was lackluster. Also never enough shredded pork! The egg quiche thing was quite small too. I also ordered the bubble tea out of curiosity. It was very good, the small is smaller than a regular bbt small sized cup. The tapioca is also lower in quality compared to most places. The second visit I ordered the pad Thai which was very heavily made of tamarind.. It was way too tangy and not pad thai like at all. Maybe they made the wrong dish? Who knows. The service is friendly, it's clean inside and the washrooms are also very clean! Overall pretty good but not the best. Would try other dishes in the future.
Damn you chatime, you had to be closer to me and add a bake code to tempt me more. What else is there to say? The drinks are great, I love the house milk tea, the oolong milk tea, the list goes on and I honestly do think their grass jelly is the best. There must be addictive elements in it that make me want more. I recently tried their mango juice with green tea.. Also very good! Bake code is generally delicious, but the review loses a point because it's so damn expensive for a bakery. I've tried their cake slices at another bake code before and they were definitely underwhelming.. Something you'd get at a loblaws bakery. Depending on which staff are working, the service pretty good overall.
Second time coming here and my first visit just ok from what I remember. After 10pm they have $11 pitchers or $5 pints! What? That is almost unheard-of! It's an izakaya, but Korean run, so there is Korean influence in some of their dishes. We ordered the spicy pork appetizer which was fantastic, it's got some heat so get ready. And the spicy salmon and spider roll combo, both rolls were really good. They used purple rice on the salmon roll, and a good heaping of that Sriracha mayo! The service is friendly and we're always walking around ready to be called upon. Why not a perfect rating? I think as good as the food was, the price is a bit high for what you get. I'm comparing to Guu,  their priced aren't the cheapest either but they are more authentic in the izakaya department of food options and overall atmosphere. But for Richmond Hill /Markham there aren't many options for izakayas. I'm glad I gave them another shot!
Good good stuff! The service is friendly and attentive. The food came out quickly. I can't remember the names of the items now but I'll do my best to describe them. The rolled pork floss egg thing in the green onion type paratha/pancake thing was very tasty. Not too salty, simple. The pork belly bao was good. I like the peanuts on top. But the other people I were with were not a fan, expensive compared to other places with similar items. Popcorn chicken with basil was fantastic. Good seasoning, fried to perfection. What else is there to say? Cold Taiwanese noodles were great, would prefer a little more spice but I would get it again. Braised Beef noodles were disappointing. Maybe because I've been to a beef noodle house that specializes only in that dish. The broth was bland, but the beef was fine. I cannot remember the vegetables I ordered but I remember it tasted really good. The strawberry shaved ice dessert was essentially a strawberry sundae with shaved ice and sweetened condensed milk. I liked it!
This review is based off a quality check in the kitchen and how things were handled afterwards. Came in on a Friday night,  was greeted and seated quickly. Our server wasn't very personable. Just there to take the order and leave. I ordered the burger that came with the fried chicken breast on a pretzel bun. The burger came out and there was mold on the bun. As the server wasn't very attentive. I finally waved her down and showed her. She took it back and another lady brought me the same burger on a different type of bun. Who knows about any cross contamination that went down with the cooks in the back. Our server brought our bill and didn't even try to acknowledge the mess that was created. I had to flag her down again and she then said "oh I'll ask my manager". I think it's weird that I had to ask about this. As someone who was  a server in the past I would have been incredibly apologetic and definitely would have found a way to make things right. In the end I got 25% off my bill. Which is fine. The food itself was good. The burger was a little salty and the fries were a little soggy for my liking. Overall for food 2.5/5 stars. Beer selection was quite good.
For the price and quality of food, this place is fine. Considering the Malaysian place across the street is slightly cheaper but with better tasting dishes and more variety of dishes, I would choose that place over Thai Basil.The pad thai was good, the green curry with rice is good, the spring rolls were not so good, a bit flavorless and not enough dipping sauce was given! I shouldn't have to ask for more.I think you're paying for the great service and ambiance, it feels high end in the restaurant. As someone who prefers value over anything else, I don't think it's as good a value most Thai restaurants in the GTA which are much cheaper, taste the same or better.
Came in at 10:15pm, asked if it was too late to grab dessert. They said it was fine.The ice cream tower is just cheap no name neapolitan ice cream from a big tub and it was also freezer burnt. The wafer crisps in between were very stale and cheap tasting. Around 10:30, two servers were standing around our table after the last table just left and were wearing their WINTER JACKETS just waiting for us to leave. I know the service is rough in establishments such as this, but come on, don't tell me it's fine to come in and rush me out 15min after.
It doesn't feel authentic like kinton or the many Japanese ramen joints near Dundas station. Definitely not Japanese speaking employees or owner (assuming).  That being said, not many options in Richmond Hill. The food was fine, the karage was good enough for me to eat to order it again in the future, crispy, nicely battered and not too salty. You get to choose the broth, noodle thickness, cut of meat for the ramen which is nice and it tasted pretty good. I would go again for the convenience and limited options on my area for ramen and But $11 a bowl seems reasonable enough for me! Good ramen experience makes me drink the broth at the end, I didn't do that here. The service was quite good, they would try to greet and send you off Japanese style but the enthusiasm just isn't there. Which the other ramen places downtown do, I expect it now! TL /DR : good but not great. Non authentic ramen experience. Few ramen options out of the city uptown.
I was trying to find the silver lining in my experience here, they're new, the warm buns were good, the service was friendly enough for a Chinese run establishment and that's all that went well for this place. The offer a HK style breakfast and Canadian style breakfast. I ordered a macaroni soup with  ham (very close to spam). I've had HK style macaroni soup before and this was much more bland and tasteless. They brought out the buns way too early and had no bread for my eggs when they came out. The sausages are hot dogs. The breakfast sandwiches are made with wonderbread (un-toasted). The coffee and milk tea had about half cup of evaporated milk in it. The $7 fruit salad claimed to have strawberries. It did not. It consisted of apple, sour blueberries, oranges and rotten cantaloupe. One of the people in my party refused to finish their meal. This was a brunch experience, I wasn't able to try the lunch or dinner options. But overall there was no value for the quality and price of the food.
Typical cleanliness of a Chinese restaurant (not the cleanest) but that doesn't bother me because of this family run business and the prices are so good for the quality of food! The lamb dumplings were great the filling was seasoned well and not bland. The Shanghai noodles were very good too compared to most places, soft noodles and not too salty. The wrapped fried onion pancake thing was the stand out and it was just satisfying to eat that thing! All 3 items were $20 together. I love places like this and would recommend and return for sure!
Dropped by this place over the weekend for breakfast.  Let's just say, with My Kitchen literally next door, it had a tough act to follow.  Pros:Portions are goodCons:Food is average at bestVery dirty under the tablesI'm a little biased here maybe because one of ma favourite places for breakfast is just next door.  We decided to try this place to see how it was like.  When you walk in, the place is pretty big.  There are a lot of tables so wait times are almost never a problem.  We are seated very quickly.Taking a look at the menu, I see there are actually very few breakfast specials.  They have 5 items and 4 of them include congee.  The menu also says any special with congee does not come with a drink.  That's a drag because I'm used to any special always coming with a drink.  Also, there's a completely separate special menu but it's all in Chinese.  There's no English anywhere on it whatsoever.  I'm always against all Chinese menus even though I'm can read them myself.  When you're a business in Canada, you need to have English included in your menu plain and simple.  I ordered the beef brisket noodle and my GF had the french toast with "beef cookie" which was ordered from the all Chinese menu.  For those who don't speak Chinese, I translated "beef cookie" directly from Chinese.  This item is usually ground beef that's steamed in a round (cookie-like) shape.  However, when we received the French toast, it just came with ham.  We have a word for ham in Chinese but it's not beef cookie.  I guess they couldn't be bothered to change the menu or something.  My brisket noodle was alright.  The bowl was pretty big and it came with a lot of noodles.  The brisket though was mainly fatty pieces.  Halfway through the meal, my little one dropped her cup under the table.  When I went to pick it up, I noticed how dirty it was.  The floor was basically covered in dirt and filth in the corners.  I couldn't give back the cup to my little one after.  It was a complete turn off.So all in all, i think i'm going to stick with My Kitchen next door.  I just wasn't impressed with this place at all.  I may have been more critical because of the competition next door, but when you do have competition you should step up your game to meet or exceed it.  Chi Star did not unfortunately.
Pros:Very solid chili chickenCons:Non-Hakka items leave a little more to be desiredWe were feeling Hakka one evening and decided to try a place we've never been to before.  As anyone who reads my reviews knows, when it comes to Hakka in the GTA, Fredericks is the king.  Asian Garden is a pretty good choice for Hakka, but it won't be dethroning the king anytime soon.I came in to order take out.  I don't think they have much staff in the back because even though the place only had one table seated, they told me it still would be a 20-25 minute wait for my food to be ready.  Asian Garden has a good amount of tables but I suspect that take out is the preferred way to go for most of their customers.Of course when you go to a Hakka place, you have to order the chili chicken.  It is the standard for which I judge Hakka places.  Along with the chicken, I ordered some deep fried shrimp and a mixed vegetable stir fry.  The chili chicken was pretty good.  It was a drier version than most others you find in the GTA.  It had a good blend of spices which give it a nice kick.  It was by far the best of the 3 dishes I ordered.  The deep friend shrimp looked like pretty big pieces.  When I bit into it, I found that it was actually a couple of smaller shrimps encased by a lot of batter.  It was still OK, but I felt a little misled by presentation.  The vegetables were clearly the dish I liked the least.  They just looked like vegetables you get when you go to food court Chinese food.  They don't seem to offer green beans here which is what I would of ordered usually.In the end, Asian Garden is a pretty good pick for Hakka if you're in the area.  I would easily recommend their chili chicken and other Hakka specialties but would refrain from the non Hakka items. Also, paying in cash on pick up orders give you a 10% discount.
If I were to describe Dickens, it would simply be luxury cha-chan tang.  Dickens is by far the priciest HK style cafe I've been to.  It's worth it though if you ask me!!Pros:"Higher quality" HK style cafe foodBig portionsCons:Prices are a lot higher than other HK style cafesI've always wanted to try Dickens.  I've heard many things about it in the past.  Being the long weekend we took a trip up and finally decided to have a bite there.  When we come in, we're greeted immediately and shown a table.  The staff seeing we have our little one with her seat in tow, bring a blanket to put over the chair she would be sitting on to keep her seat from slipping.  That was very nice and seemed like something they do automatically.One look at Dickens menu lets you know they don't mess around.  The prices are definitely higher than any other HK style cafe I've been too.  I've never seen a lunch special menu with nothing under $8.99.  We ordered hoping it would be worth it.  We were not disappointed.  I ordered the pan fried chicken steak and my GF had the baked fish on rice.  All lunch specials come with soup, garlic bread and a drink.  Most places you only get a drink so it already justifies the price increase a little bit.  When the food came out, I was very impressed with the portion size.  I've never had a chicken steak so big before.  It was very tender too.  The spinach and mushroom cream sauce it came with was one of the best I've had as well.  My GF's baked fish came with the exact same sauce but with lots of shredded cheese on top.  Both dishes were very good.  They weren''t stop the presses good, but you could definitely feel like the food was of a higher quality than you would expect at other HK style cafes.One thing to note is that drink you get with your meal.  Unless you specify it, the drink will come at the end of your meal when the staff sees you're done.  I guess they are trying to be like western restaurants in which they always ask if you want coffee or tea at the end of your meal.  We didn't know this since it was our first time.  If you're someone like me who likes to have a drink at the same time, please note this.I noticed that some people complain about the cash only thing.  I never came before when they didn't do cash only, but you should assume all these HK style cafes are almost always cash only so it's not a big deal for me.All in all, Dickens really impressed me.  It was an overall very good experience.  I will definitely be back If I'm craving cha-chaan tang and want a little bit more than usual.
Pros:Specials for all times of the dayPrices are fairCons:Not much variety in the menuCame here since we were grocery shopping at the nearby TnT supermarket. Apron is your standard HK style cafe.  It's not anything special, but it's not horrible either.  I look at some of the 1 star reviews here and think that the reviewers were expecting too much from a HK style cafe. Apron looks like it would be a very small place from the outside, but they do have a considerable amount of tables inside.  We came in during the beginning of afternoon tea time (2:30-5:30pm).  The place wasn't too busy, but after about 20 minutes, it was packed.  I will have to come back to see if it's this way during other parts of the day.Looking at the menu, you see that they have specials for every part of the day.  There are breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea, dinner and all day specials.  No matter what time you come, there are specials to be had.  The bad part is, each section contains about 10-15 dishes only.  So you can only choose between the all day specials and the specials on during the time of day you're coming in.  Basically, you get to choose from about 30 items.  There's not too much variety this way.  They do have kids meals though, which was a nice surprise.I ordered the Hainan chicken with rice and my GF had the pork cutlet and potato salad.  We ordered one of the kids meals for our little one as well.  The food comes out fairly quickly.  Like I said, this place is your standard HK style cafe.  The food reflects that.  It was not terrible, but not anything to write home about.  It was a very decent meal, which is what you expect.  Trying to expect anything premium will only lead you to disappointment.  My GF said the potato salad was on of the better ones she had at a HK style cafe. The service here is pretty good.  They get really busy during certain time but they still got around often enough that you were waiting long for anything. There was an elderly Caucasian couple sitting beside us.  I have never seen this demographic at a HK style cafe.  They started chatting with us and told us they loved this place and are regulars.  They both need help with mobility and they say the staff always help them out.  If I'm shopping at the nearby TnT, i will for sure drop by for a meal.  It's a decent place to get a meal.
Northern Dumpling Kitchen is easily my favourite place for dumplings in the city.  I have recommended many friends to this place and they've yet to disappoint anyone.Pros:Very good dumplingsPrices are excellentCons:Not too many seatsGrowing up on dumplings as a child, I'm very picky about dumplings.  Having tried all sorts of places around the city, Northern Dumpling is easily my favourite.  This review will focus only on the dim sum part of the menu.  I have not tried anything else here because that's all you need to order when you come here!Northern dumpling has about 15-20 different types of dumplings to choose from.  Let me tell you this, they're all very good.  My favourties are definitely the pork and fennel, pork and mushroom and soup filled dumplings.  Northern Dumpling seems to be one of the few places that uses fennel when it says fennel.  A lot of places seem to use dill hoping you will not know the difference.  You'll also notice right away the prices are excellent.  10 dumplings for $4-5??  Amazing.  You will rarely find value like this in the city Service is on par with many places.  There usually are 2 servers working at all times.  When it gets busy, it can get a little hectic for them.  They try real hard though to make sure everyone is content.  I can see some people will get irked by the wait, but it's not the servers fault there's only two of them.Northern Dumpling is not a very big place.  There are about 6 tables and 6 booths if I remember correctly.  The place can fill out fast during certain parts of the day.  When it's full, it can be cramped, but nothing crazy.  If you're looking for dumplings, give this place a try.  This place will teach you what a dumpling is really supposed to taste like.  I guarantee it!!
3.5Another weekend, another HK style cafe.  Hong Far is located in the same complex as Dickens which I reviewed earlier.  It offers a cheaper experience if you're not looking to shell out.Pros:Prices are very goodVeggies!!Cons:Nothing spectacular (you come here for value)When you look a the menu for this place, you'll notice there are many specials to choose from.  You have breakfast, lunch and all day specials.  Also to note, the menu has the Chinese items listed first, then on the very next page the translated item in English.  If I didn't speak or read Chinese, I would find this more convenient.  When we first sat down, we were automatically given a smaller set of bowls and cutlery for our little one.  Always a nice touch to not have to ask for this ourselves.My GF ordered a pork chop in udon noodle soup while I got the Hai Nan chicken rice.  When the food comes out you immediately notice something.  You get a lot of veggies with your meals here.  Most HK style cafes give you one or two stalks of veggies.  This place gives you a full serving basically.  My rice was also not just a plain white rice, it was fried with some egg in it too.  These little things definitely go a long way.      Having said all that, you are coming here if you want value for your dollar.  Our bill came to $15 for 2.  Amazing!  This is not the place you would choose though if you're really craving something special.  The food here is good, but not take a date out trying to impress him/her good.  It's the place to go if you want to get full for as as little as possible.
Pros:Large seating areaGreat bang for your buck valueCons:Wait times can veryThe keg to me has always been a place where you can get a good steak without completely breaking the bank.  Dinner for 2 here will be about $80-$120 depending on how many apps and drinks you order.  While you can always have a better steak at places like Jacobs, you'll be spending about half what you would spend at the higher end places.We came in on a Saturday night without a reservation.  I had called ahead of time to see what they wait time would be.  The server on the line said about 30 minutes. Out wait time ended up being about 15 minutes.  There have been times where wait times can be over an hour.  I just go somewhere else on days like that.  The wait times vary so much it's mostly a game of chance.My favourite steak by far is the rib steak.  The keg is one of the few non-high end places that gives you a nice bone in one.  Most other places like the keg will not have the bone still attached to the steak.  If you know your steak, you know grilling it with the bone in makes for a much better steak.  A 20 ounce rib steak will set you back $40 here.  It's by far the best bang for your buck steak in town if you ask me.  My wife ordered the strip loin which was pretty good as well.  She would of liked it to be a little less lean though.All in all, I have never had a bad experience at this Keg location.  Service has always been good even on busier days.  They have kids meal options which is great for my kids. The keg will never be the place to have the best steak, but if you want a great steak at a fraction of the price, it's my go to.
We always drive by this place when we're around Highway 7.  Finally decided to give it a try.  Think Congee Wong, not as good food but better atmosphere and appearance.Pros:Restaurant has great decor and atmosphere, very professional lookingPortions on their rice and noodle dishes are hugeCons:Prices are a little higherFood is average at bestWhen you drive in, you notice that the side facing the street is not the entrance.  You need to drive all the way round back to find the main entrance.  As soon as you get in though, you notice this place is huge.  There are plenty of seats.  The decor is very nice as well.  This place's main selling point in my opinion is how it looks and feels.  It's very modern looking like a expensive restaurant should be.  The seat s are some of the more comfortable seats I've sat in recent memory.  Everything about this place tries to shout fine dining.As soon as I sit down I l glance over at the table next to us.  I see they've ordered a fired noodle.  What I notice more is the plate it's on.  It's huge and they filled it all the way.  I have never seen an order of noodles that big.  We order a noodle ourselves, a plate of veggies, clams (on recommendation by the server) and a soup.  My Wonderful Kitchen offers a soup for $3.99 that's served in a clay pot over a burner.  Most places might offer soup for free, but the soup here and how it's done is worth the 4 dollars.    The food altogether was a little underwhelming.  It's OK, but it doesn't match the atmosphere level of this place.  I found a lot of the dishes to be over salted.  The clams that were recommended were nothing special at all.  It was my least favourite actually.  Don't get me wrong, none of them were particularly bad, but nothing I would recommend myself.  The soup was my fav, it was a little weird paying for soup, but well worth it.  My Wonderful Kitchen is one of the best looking Chinese restaurants I've ever been too.  If the food could match that level is would definitely be 5 star review.  You will still enjoy yourself, but I think the atmosphere sets your expectations way too high for the food to impress you.
Pros:Very well made dim sumCons:HUGE wait timesDragon Boat is a very popular place for dim sum.  I went to place a couple of years ago and remember the wait times are pretty long.  I came again last weekend and it's still very long, lol.Let me just get this out of the way.  If you come on the weekend, if you're not one of the first to get seated right when they open, expect to wait.  Then expect to wait some more.  We came at about 1120, and we weren't seated till 1230.  It's that busy.  There isn't even an early bird special here on the weekend but that doesn't stop people from coming.  Dragon Boat is comparatively much smaller that other dim sum places so that adds to the wait times. Dragon Boat is a bit pricier when it comes to dim sum, but I felt they did a better job of it.  I've heard quality has gone down a bit, but I felt it was still better than a lot of the other dim sum places.  The dim sum was pretty well done and some of their items are prepared in their own original way.  I do want to mention that they have these trays that look like what you get at afternoon tea places.  They come with a variety of items.  The tray was $13 and not too bad for what you get on it.If it wasn't for the super long wait times, I would come here more often for dim sum.  It sucks that there's no early bird special but I still feel it's a better bet than most places for dim sum.
Pros:Great burgersCons:No varietyI love my self a good burger so I'm always looking around for new burger joints to try.  I found fresh burger through Yelp and I'm very thankful.  Fresh Burger makes a heck of a burger.  If you're looking for a variety though, you're not going to find it.  Fresh burger is like the No Frills of burger joints.  They have their fresh burger which is 4 ounces and their prime burger which is 6 ounces.  They have double version of that burger and that is it.  You can combo then with fries and a drink.  The fries can be turned into a poutine and there are some extras you can pay for to add to the burger.  Burgers come with lettuce, cheese and tomato. You can add onions or pickle optionally.  THAT'S IT.  There's nothing else.  There are no extra toppings like relish, hot peppers etc.  There are no sides like Onion rings, sweet potato fries.  There's no other entrees here to be found.  The lack of any other variety is my only gripe.So seeing as those 4 burgers are the only thing they do here, you hope they at least do that well.  Fresh burger delivers on that plenty.  The burger was delicious and juicy throughout.  It was excellent start to finish.  The fries you get are a very big portion as well.  I switched one of the fries to a poutine and that was super delicious as well!!  I am a fan of Fresh burger.  If I'm feeling a burger and in the area, I will definitely drop by.  If I have my kids though, I will have to think twice.  They love chicken nugget/fingers and onion rings so I have to find somewhere else if I'm with them.  They don't do much, but what they do they do very well.
How I have not wrote a review for this place is beyond me.  If it's a wonton noodle you're craving, Jim Chai Kee (JCK for the rest of this review) is the place to go.Pros:Hand made won tons are some of the best in townPrices are more than fairFood comes out lightning quickCons:Maybe the broth has slipped?JCK specializes in one thing and it's the one thing they focus everything on: won ton noodle soup.  If you don't like won ton noodle soup you have no reason to come here.  That being said, if it's won ton noodle soup you're craving, there's no better place in town.  If you come in early enough, you can see the staff at the end table making fresh won tons every morning.  It's something of a treat to watch them alone.  They skillfully make them as if they're robotic in a way.  The won tons here are the star of the show.  Hand made, and full of shrimp.  There's no trace of fillers whatsoever!!  You can buy these separately to go to cook at home as well.  The kitchen is an open kitchen.  You see your noodle being made right before your eyes.  They have nothing to hide.  For the amount of shrimp in the won tons, the prices are more than fair in my opinion.  2 people can easily eat here for under $20, tax and tip included.  There is self serve tea here that's basically free of charge if you order anything to eat.  This place is so efficient that your orders come out lightning quick.  You order, and within 3 minutes, it's ready.  You can be in and out easily in 20 minutes.  Need a quick, satisfying and cheap meal?  Look no further than JCK.I've been coming here for years and sometimes my friends and I notice that the broth may have slipped a little.  It's not negligible at all really.  This place is still my go to place for won ton noodle by far.  There you have it, as the description for 5 stars here says, JCK is as good as it gets for won ton noodle.  I am and will continue to be a regular here.
When I heard about a Chinese run ramen place, I was a little skeptical to be honest.  However, Koi Sakana was a pleasant surprise.Pros:Very good bowl of ramenExcellent customer serviceCons:Portions are smallerI love myself a good bowl of ramen.  Aside from the usual suspects located downtown, there aren't too many good places for ramen uptown.  When I heard of a Chinese run ramen place, I wasn't exactly jumping for joy.  Koi Sakana proved me wrong completely.Koi Sakana is the definition of a hidden gem.  It's hidden within a small plaza so if you're not looking for it, you'll miss it.  Once you walk in, you notice this place is nothing fancy.  Simplistic, yet gets the job done.  The place only has a couple of ramen bowls to pick from, but there's enough variety to satisfy any ramen lover.My GF and I both order the House Tonkatsu ramen.  It's nice to know that the ramen automatically comes with toppings like a whole egg, corn, fish cake, black fungus and seaweed included in the price. The broth was better than I expected.  Not as rich as places like Santosei, but very good nonetheless.  The noodles were very good.  I don't like non Japanese ramen places like Kenzo and Sonoya as much because I feel the noodles don't match up to their Japanese counterparts.  The noodles here were very good.  Just enough bite to them.  My only gripe is the portions are smaller than other places.  If you're a big eater you'll need to add extra noodles and cha siu for sure.  Even after adding them, it still feels smaller than a regular bowl of ramen anywhere else.  The waitress there was super nice and friendly.  She saw we had out little one, and got out separate bowls and utensils for her.  Our cups of water were refilled without asking and napkins given to us whenever we ran out all as well.  She would come over and make sure all was well a couple of times as well.  Out little one is usually shy around strangers but even she was able to laugh with the waitress too.All in all, this is a wonderful place to get ramen that's not located downtown.  It won't replace Santosei as my fav, but it's definitely my fav uptown as of right now.  If you're in the area and craving ramen, definitely give this place a try!
3.5If I could describe Papa George in 2 words it would be Dickens lite.  Papa George is a nice HK style cafe to come for lunch or a very early dinner.Pros:Very friendly staffFood quality is pretty goodCons:Small placeHours are strangeIf you've ever been to Dickens, Papa George will have a similar feel for you.  As soon as you walk in, there's a European feel to the place.  It feels like a small chalet nestled somewhere in France.  One think i notice it the clientele ranges from teens, families to the seniors.  Groups of all ages frequent this place. The place is rather small.  There are about 10 tables total and it's fairly busy most of the time. We had come twice before but it was so full that we had to go somewhere else.  One look at the menu and again I was reminded of Dickens.  We ordered the pan fried chicken steak with rice and the Portuguese chicken on pasta.  All meals come with garlic bread, soup and a drink here. (just like Dickens)The food comes rather quickly which is nice.  My chicken steak is very nice.  I ordered the same thing at Dickens and it looks very much the same, right down to the sauce.  overall very good dish.  My GF's Portuguese chicken though, was more like a curry than Portuguese sauce.  Portuguese sauce should be a lighter coconut based curry.  When it's more curry it takes away from the dish.  It was still OK, but could of been better.  Another thing to note, the drink (like Dickens) is served at the end of the meal.  If you want it with your meal, you will have to tell the server.The servers here are all very nice.  There were many regulars there the servers knew well and the conversations were almost like the servers were eating with them  They maintained good service while still mingling with regulars when they could very well. Another thing to note is the hours of this place.  They close at 8 which is early by HK style cafe standards.  If you want to have dinner here which I know I would, you have to have an earlier one.  It's a very strange hour to close for HK style cafes but it is what it is.Papa George for me is basically Dickens with a smaller menu, space and hours.  It still does things very well though.  If it weren't for the hours, this would be an excellent choice for dinner.  If you're a fan of Dickens you should definitely give this place a try.
Pros:You choose what goes in your PhoCons:Sides are pretty pricey hereThere are tons of Vietnamese Pho restaurants with the name Kim Po. I don't know if they're all linked together or they just use the same name.  This one is your standard Pho restaurant.   Not amazing, but not bad either.The one thing I like about this place is you choose exactly what you want in your Pho.  Most Pho places have predetermined bowls of Pho with what goes in it.  This place let's you pick which meats you want in it. I'm a fan of brisket but not always of what most places put with brisket in Pho places so that was a nice thing for me.   The Pho here is OK.  The broth was decent, it felt like it was missing something though.  Portions are pretty good for the price.  I usually like to order the deep fried spring rolls to go with my meal but they were like $7-8 here, yikes.  Another dollar or 2 and I have myself another bowl of Pho!!Honestly, I came here because our original choice of Deer Garden was packed and the wait time would of been crazy.  It would take something like that again for me to come back as well.  Its still a decent place, don't get me wrong.  I just think there are better options for Pho.
I've been wanting to try this place forever but it was always so busy when it first opened.  Finally got my chance, here are the results!Pros:Authentic Taiwanese cuisineLots of items to choose fromServers were very nice and politeCons:Place is generally busyBeing half Taiwanese it's always a good thing when a Taiwanese restaurant is around.  Toronto doesn't have enough Taiwanese restaurants around if you ask me.  They have beef noodle restaurants, but for other Taiwanese cuisines, the places are few and far between.Mama Bear is famous for their night market stands so when this place opened up, I had to come here.  One look at the menu and I was impressed.  This place definitely has the most Taiwanese items that I have seen anywhere in the city.  There was so much to try but I had to limit myself.  I will need to come back to try other items I missed out on the first time around!!We ordered the popcorn chicken, beef noodles, oyster omelette, minced pork on rice and some homemade buns.  It was way too much food but that's how excited I was to try all the food!!  Everything was done very well!!  The noodles were great (they make their own noodles) and the broth was very good.  The popcorn chicken was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  My favourtie was the oyster omelette.  Oyster omelette was one of my favs growing up and Mama Bear makes a excellent one!!The servers here were all very nice and polite.  Our little one now is going through her terrible two's so she can be quite a handful.  The servers were all very patient and nice throughout our visit even with her acting up at times.  I had high expectations going into this place and they were all met.  I need to come back ASAP to try other items!!
Pros:Great pricesFriendly serviceCons:Food can take a while to come outLooking to try new pho places around where I live, we stumbled upon this place.  Pho Tai Bac is a nice little family run(from what I can tell) pho restaurant.  It's very no frills but it does its talking with its food.  Pho Tai Bac is located in a small plaza on Yonge.  If you aren't looking for it, you will never know it's there. Like I said before, it's very no frills.  Simple tables and chairs, nothing elaborate at all.  The staff all greet you with smiles and you're seated pretty promptly.  It's not the biggest place, so you might have to wait a little sometimes.  Turnover is pretty quick so you won't have to wait long at least.Opening the menu, I immediately notice that the prices here are cheaper than most pho places nowadays.  Perhaps this is due their location being a bit out of the way.  Nonetheless, it was a welcome surprise.  You won't find many pho places where the largest bowls are less than $10 now.  Everything here seems about a $1 or $2 cheaper than what I am accustomed to seeing. I ordered the extra large special pho and my GF got the vermicelli.  A side order of spring rolls were ordered as well.  As with most places, the pho comes out very fast after you order.  For those that don't know, the special pho is basically pho with a bit of all the meats in it.  The portions here are very good for the price.  The broth is clearer here than most places but it's very good nonetheless.  The spring roll wasn't the best one I've had, but at $4 an order which is the best I've seen for a long time, it's well worth it.  My GF's vermicelli was pretty good.  The beef could of been more tender but overall it was great.  The problem with the vermicelli was it took quite a while to come out.  I was almost finished my extra large bowl of pho before it finally came out. It was busy when we came so this is something to watch for when you come.The service here was excellent.  Like I said, I believe it's family run and everyone there was very polite and courteous.  It was a very enjoyable meal overall.I definitely see myself coming back here in the future.  Pho at a very good price and great service. You can't ask for more in a pho restaurant.
Heard some good things about their Scarborough location so I decided to check this location out.Pros:Lots of items to choose fromMany Entrees for just $5.99Cons:Not much actual dim sum itemsCame here on a Friday night and the place was pretty busy.  Luckily there was one table available at the time we were there.  The menus here consist of two large laminated boards.  All the items are pictured so you know exactly what anything looks like which is good.  There's a lot of items to choose from but I do note that there's not much actual dim sum items to choose from.  I may have missed the boat on what dim sum from Shanghai actually consists of though.  I was expecting a twist on usual dim sum items or dumplings.  Neither were really on the menu.  Honestly, it's more a regular restaurant than a dim sum restaurant in my opinion.We ordered two types of soup filled dumplings (basically the only dumplings on the menu), a ramen bowl and a pork and broccoli rice dish.  The food comes out pretty quick here which is nice.  The soup filled dumplings were OK, but nothing special. The filling was average at best.  The ramen and rice dish were pretty good.  For $5.99, it's actually a very good deal. They have many entrees at $5.99 to choose from so you can definitely come for a cheap decent meal.I think i would of been a lot more satisfied if I came thinking this was a regular Chinese restaurant and not what I was expecting it to be.  When you have dim sum in your name I'm thinking actual dim sum and dumplings at the very least.  It's still a nice place to come for a meal. just wish the menu would reflect their name a little better.
Pros:Plenty of lunch specials to choose fromPrices are alrightCons:Portions are on the small sidePlace is smallHad to come up to the Carter's near here to pick up a Jacket for my little one and decided to stop here for lunch.  Bayview Kitchen is your typical HK style cafe.  It doesn't do anything to stand out from the rest but it doesn't do anything horrible to make you not want to come back either.Walking in, you notice right away this place is small.  There's 3 round tables, 3 tables for 4 and a single table at the front for 2.  When we came in, there were 2 tables being seated.  Within 10 minutes though, the place was full and people had to wait.  I would not recommend coming during peak times as you most certainly have to wait.  If you're someone who doesn't like to share tables with other people, it's even worse.  Still, turnover time for a place like this is usually quick so that helps.For lunch, Bayview Kitchen offers a lot of lunch specials ranging from $5 to about $12-13.  Each special comes with a drink and soup.  We weren't given any other menu so I assume that  if you want something other than the lunch specials, you might be out of luck.I ordered the fried udon noodle with beef and my GF had the Chicken with eggplant on rice.  As with most HK style cafes, food comes out relatively quickly after you order.  I don't have anything to really say about the food, it tastes as it should.  I just want to make note that the portions are smaller than I'm used to.  Looking at my pics, the plate my udon came in was rather small.  I glanced over at another table who ordered the baked rice and the dish they serve it in is smaller as well.  If you order the rice specials as my GF did, you get a much bigger plate used. That's your best bet for bang for the buck here.All in all, Bayview Kitchen is a decent place to get your HK style cafe fix.  I could see myself coming back if I'm in the area but it's not something I would go out of my way to come to.
Same story as the other Deer Garden in Scarborough.  This place isn't bad, but it's not as good as it's other counterpart.Pros:Choose what goes into your bowl of boodlesCons:Food is not as good as other locationStaff feel distantGave this place a try because I am a fan of their location in Scarborough.  Coming in, the decor looks a little better than the other location.  I do notice though there are no large booths of any sort.  If you come with a party larger than 4, it could be tricky to sit your party without some sort of effort.  Once again, we do the usual and go for the noodle bowl which has complete customization.  The prices seem to have gone up as it's now $9.75 instead of $8.75 and the sides have gone up to $2.25 as well.  I get my usual Chaochou style fish and minced pork soup and my GF got the original fish noodle soup.  The food here doesn't stack up to other location.  I didn't feel I got the same amount of noodles I got at the other location.  The soup was also not as rich.  The taste is there, but the overall quality just seems a little off.  It's still decent value for what you pay, though it could of been better.  If you order a drink, it also doesn't come in the convenient to go container that the other location gives you as well. It's nice to have that convenience so it was something I definitely missed here.When it comes to service it was hit or miss for us.  There were 3 servers we noted.  1 was very nice and friendly, 1 one was OK and 1 felt very distant.  The one that felt distant never smiled once throughout our visit.  Our little one likes to smile and wave to people she meets.  When the server was leaving our food on the table, our little one smiled at her, waved and said "Thank you" to her.  She looked at our little one with a cold stare and just walked away.  I'm not asking you to go out of your way to interact with her, but at least give her a smile back, specially if you make eye contact with her.  You're in the service industry, a smile is not too much ask.  My little one looked back at me confused like she did something wrong after which upset me.  I didn't make a big deal at the restaurant because I'm not that type of person but I was disappointed.  Like I said, the other 2 were more than hospitable, just that experience left a sour taste in my mouth.This location is still a decent place, I'm just going to be frequenting the Scarborough location for my Deer Garden needs in the future.
3.5Fav Cafe is a Hong Kong style cafe that offers up some dishes normally not served at most other Hk style cafes.Pros:High end western dishes availableGreat serviceCons:HK style cafe food could of been betterWhen you first come in, you notice that this place is rather small.  There are about 8 tables total seating parties of 2, 4, or 6.  The atmosphere is pretty good with music just loud enough to enjoy.  I find some places tend to play music way too loud when they have it, Fav cafe gets it just right.  One look at the menu and the $100 rib steak immediately catches my eye.  Never have I seen such an item that expensive at an HK style cafe.  The menu has completely changed from the menus in the photos for this place on yelp.  There are quite a bit of higher end western dishes on the menu now.  They are much pricier than your everyday HK stlye items.  I take it they are trying to be more of higher class of dining?  If anybody has tried the $100, please message me and tell me how it was.I ordered the baked seafood on rice with Alfredo sauce and my GF got the baked fish in rose sauce with dill on rice.  My seafood rice was OK though it could of really been better portion wise.  I could count the amount of seafood with my 2 hands.  2 shirimps, 3 pieces of calamari, 3 small fillets of fish and 1 piece of scallop. I could of used a lot more Alfredo sauce as well.  Overall, what I had tasted good, but I was left wanting more after.  My GF's fish was a lot better portion wise and the taste was pretty good too. Here's the thing I noticed.  The more expensive western dishes were done a whole lot better than the HK style ones. Some of the people there had ordered some of them and they looked very good.  I like the fact they have these options, but as a HK style cafe, you need to make sure you're morn known dishes are done with the same effort.  Just my take.The service was very good.  Previous reviews had me a little worried but the two servers and someone who looked to be the owner had nothing but great interaction with us.  They were very good with my little one and she opened up to them in no time which only happens if she feels very conformable with strangers.Overall, a very nice little place.  The HK style could be better but nothing bad enough to keep me away.
Trying a Persian cafe for the first time, I lucked out in choosing one of the better ones.Pros:Wide assortment of itemsIce cream is made on siteCons:Service can be slowMy GF had been wanting to try this place for the longest time.  We had the day off together so we gave this place a go.  I'm glad we did.  This place has a really homey feel to it.  It feels like someone's home who coincidentally has lots of treats to serve.  They have a couple of one seat sofas on the first floor and much more seating on the second floor.  We sat ourselves on the second floor.  The lady working came up a few minutes later with menus.  There's a buzzer to call for her to come to the table.  We buzzed to order and it took her about 5 minutes to get up there because we could hear she wa with a customer downstairs.My GF ordered the Persian tea and a slice of pomegranate cake.  I had the pistachio ice cream and a pear ice cream.  The Persian tea was pretty good.  It's set up on a neat apparatus above a candle.  The cake had lots of pomegranate pieces in there.  The pistachio ice cream was very good.  All their ice creams are made on site and you can taste the difference. I could only taste a little hint if any of pear in my iced tea but it was still enjoyable.  The homey feel of this place gives a great atmosphere to come in and enjoy your time here.  The only gripe I have here is they only had one staff and she's multitasking both floors most of the time as well as being in the back area where the kitchen is.  We hit the buzzer to pay our bill and after 10 minutes, we just went down on our own to pay our bill.  When we got down, she was in the back area and didn't appear for another 5 minutes.  Granted, she was only one person, they should have at least a second if you're going to have 2 floors.  Maybe someone called in that day and we came on a day where they only had 1.In the end, I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a nice little cafe to spend some time in.
Richmond court is your typical no frills Chinese Diner: OK quality, good value.Pros:Lots of items to choose fromGood valueCons:Food is average at bestLet's get this out of the way first.  If you want a nice fancy dinner, you're obviously not going here.  Having said that, if you want an enjoyable meal with good portions for what you're paying, this place is a good bet.I've been here for lunch and dinner in the last little while.  When you come in, you notice this place is a lot bigger than it seems when looking at it from outside.  There are tons of tables here and it's very rare that you will have to wait long for a seat when you come. As soon as we sit down, we're presented with 4 different menus.  Richmond Court offers plenty of variety to choose from.  They have their own bakery, a Chinese BBQ shop, all day dim sum as well as your standard regular Chinese restaurant fare.  That's pretty convenient if you come with a party all with different tastes.When I came for lunch, I ordered from the Chinese BBQ portion of the place.  My GF got the won ton noodles and we ordered a dim sum dish for our little one.  Having all this choice already came in handy.  Not many places can fill this type of order in the city.  I had the roast pork and soya chicken combination.  It comes on a very big place with a lot of each type of meat.  It could of used some veggies but for the price, it was good.  The same can be said of the other dishes we had.  Again, the theme of this place is good value.For our dinner time visit, we ordered from the set dinners that are main stays at Chinese restaurant.  You pay a set price for a certain amount dishes.  The dishes you can choose from are all on a list.  We ordered a beef dish, a bok choi dish and half a soya chicken.  Going along with the theme of this place, great value, OK tasting.  Set meals come with soup but you will need to buy bowls of rice.All in all, you're getting what you pay for here.  If you come here looking for a decent meal with good value, you will not be disappointed.
This has been my favorite sushi place. Whenever I come I always order they boat which comes with sushi and sashimi. They're fish are always fresh and they charge a very decent price. They start you off with a complentary miso soup and salad, following they gave us a big plate of glass noodles as we waited. Sometimes waiting times are longer, but for sure less than 20mins, because there's only one sushi master making all the orders. There are no other place comparable to the quality of food and the price. I highly recommend it to my friends. Servers are very friendly and polite too. They also give you a choice of ice cream to end your meal. They don't kick you out once they close, we were able to sit an hour after they were close.
If you are looking for a quick fast lunch, this is the place to go to.There is pretty much not a long wait time as their turn over rate is consider fast. Everything on the menu is basically heated and ready to scoop out into your bowl as soon as you order it. Menu choices are pretty much very limited so you don't have to spend too much time deciding. Either wet or dry noodles, with wonton, fishball or sliced beef, or you can get all 3 in a bowl too. If you don't want noodles, you can order these on the side.Prices are $6-$8 depending what you get and what toppings. If you want anything to drink, it's self serve hot tea or hot water. There is basically no service besides the servers taking your order and bringing your food. Food is considered decent, not a huge portion but enough to fill you for lunch. When you are ready to pay, you just take your bill to the cashier and pay. They only accept cash and purposely hint you to tip because most people don't feel that there was any service because I certainly didn't.
The atmosphere and decoration is very unqiue and nice. We ordered a tom yum noodle soup and a chicken pad thai. The noodle soup was great, tasted a little sour with a kick of spicy in it, not too spicy but just enough to make it last on your taste buds. The pad thai was also good, the sweet and sour balanced well and noodles were not over cooked. I would recommend my friends and family coming here to eat and I will come again.
This place has the best Chinese food in the area! The prices they charge and the consistency of the quality you get is definitely worth coming back again!Although its located in a small plaza where parking can be quite frustrating sometimes especially during the weekends, the wait inside the restaurant is never too bad.I come usually on Friday nights; if you arrive before 7pm then there should be very little to no wait time, after 7:30pm, there's a 15-20mins wait time. Their menu has plenty of varieties, congee, noodles, rice, soup noodles, just dishes, snacks, afternoon tea specials. Don't expect service to be good, it's just minimal but fast because of the amount of servers working. Food usually doesn't take long for it to come and portions are fairly big. We usually share 2 noodles/rice dishes plus a snack between 3 people and always leftovers. The taste, and quality is pretty consistence, but maybe sometimes here and there, the portions are a little noticeable, other than that, nothing else to really complain. The prices are average of $8-$12 per dish depending on what you order.You can only use credit card to pay if your bill is over $20 and you have to pay at the counter. It's my go to place when I want something at a reasonable price, quick and tastes good.
**BAD SERVICE**This place is always busy especially on a weekend or Friday night. But the good thing is they give you a beeper and when you're table is ready, the electronic device beeps and you know to head back to the restaurant. Very convenient if you don't want to squish inside and get in the way of people walking in and out. Wait time is usually 15-20mins.The place is quite small so as for their tables, if you're in a group of 4 and get one of the square tables, having a bowl each on it is ridiculous, there's basically no space you can place your bowls, nerveless the side dishes which you have ordered! In order for them to max out the seating space, they have stool along the walls where you can face the wall to eat. There's basically no service here, so don't expect any! They just sit you down and give you a bowl of WARM lemon tap water which you self serve. The menu is pretty simple, noodles, rice, side dishes nothing too fancy or unusual but PLENTY of pictures in case you don't understand what it is, which I find great!We ordered a few side dishes, the lamb skewers and pig ears to share for the table. And each one of us ordered a bowl of noodles. Noodles don't come at the same time even though you ordered at the same time. We waited 15mins from the first to the last bowl so we could eat at the same time. Noodles tasted great, as well as the soup but as to portion size, it was LITTLE! The side dishes were also good! I would recommend ordering the pig ears and lamb skewers.As we finished and wanted our bill, they brought us a new bowl of noodles and charged us for it. We told them we didn't order and the fact that we didn't place a second order and we were clearly finished eating, they were so confused! They brought it back to the kitchen and came out again with the same noodles to our table and asked if we could pay for it and take it home!After a 10min discussion, they finally agreed on removing it from the bill.Terrible communication and forcing customer to pay for something they did not order! Very bad service because they don't care! Would come back again for the FOOD but hate the service!!
Service - terrible service, on a long weekend dinner time there's only 2waiter/waitress and the owner working. We had to wait over 15mins until we got to order, then another 15mins for food to come. They always mess up what we ordered, giving us food that we never ordered and forgetting to give us food that we ordered.Food - wide select, love the ox tongue and lamb. Drinks are also included as well as all sauces. Seafood are not worth it, only 2shrimp, 1oyster, 1 scallop, 1 small piece of salmon per person.Price - it's reasonable, after 9pm would be a better deal since you're getting the same full selection for a way cheaper price.I always come even though bad service but food is  better compared to other stores in Toronto.
Came here on a Friday night. This place seems pretty busy but turn over rate is quite high which is good since we only waited 10 mins for a table for 3.The menu is considered limited, as the there's only one side of the menu and there's only a few selection in each category. We ordered a small spicy house pho, and 2 large house pho. Within minutes of placing our order, food came. It was the quickest pho place I have ever been to! Either because the restaurant wasn't super busy at that time (7:15pm, Friday night) or everything is premade accelerating service speed.They gave us a small dish of bean sprouts, limes and bayleaf. You can always ask for more if you want and we did since one small dish isn't quite enough to share between 3 people. The sizing of the noodles were quite weird, we ordered 2 larges, but one came in a large bowl and one came in a smaller bowl, making us feel like one was a small and the other a large. The amount of food which were in both bowls looked the same, I guess maybe they ran out of the same size of bowls!?The spicy house pho had and tasted exactly the same as the house pho just with some red, hot chilli oil in it, nothing too amazing about it.Service was average, basically minimal and didn't pay much attention to not only our table but other tables in general. If you needed something, you basically raise your hand or attention.The soup tasted good, but I figured out why very shortly after drinking almost half the bowl. It was FULL of MSG!! For the remaining of the night, all 3 of us felt SOOOO thirsty! I kept drinking water until my stomach wanted to explode and yet I still feel thirsty! I can't imagine how much MSG they put into that soup!!MSG is a HUGE TURNOFF for me in foods! If you don't have the ability to make good food without adding so much crap and junk into it, then please don't trick all customers and making their body suffer!Pricing I would consider to be average, around $8 - $9 for a small and $1 or $2 for large. But I wouldn't recommend this place to any of my friends/family and WOULDN'T be a choice to come back!
*****THIS HAS TO BE THE WORST LOCATION WITH BAD SERVICE AND EMPLOYEES NOT KNOWING WHAT THEY'RE DOING!!!!I would give it no star if there was an option! Take a few mins to read my story and you will certainly understand why! I've always been a Chatime fan since it firstly opened and I have over 40ish + vicinity points at Chatime (that shows how much purchases I have and enjoy their drinks). But this time, it's just disappointment on disappointment which when I emailed Chatime afterwards stating to them about the issue, I got ignore multiple of times and didn't seem to care!!Went to visit this location on a weekday around 3ish pm, there was 2 short lines already, one purposely stating bakery and coffees only and other one I assumed it was for Chatime drinks. There were only 2 customers in front of me. I waited in line for over 15 mins until my order was taken. They ONLY accept cash now since they don't have the machines set up yet.I walked around the bakery, they're breads are more on the pricey side. However, there's different unique kinds of breads which you can't purchase elsewhere. They set up small baskets of sample bread so you can taste which one you like before buying. We took at least 30 mins walking around the small bakery side eating bread. Since it's been over 30 mins and my order still wasn't ready yet, I decided to approach the cashier and ask. She seems confused to what she is doing and where my order is. I saw the 2 customers in front of me got their order already, but I'm still waiting after at least 4 customers get their orders. The cashier looked like in panic mode as there were over 7 drinks made sitting on the counter but she just didn't know who's order was who's and was TOTALLY lost. OH yea, her face turn paled and lost. At this point she is just asking customers who stood around the counter what they ordered and just giving ready drinks to them. I saw her give a customer a drink which had a sticker with the matching number as my receipt and the customer took it, but it into her bag and told the cashier it's the wrong size! THEN WHY DON'T YOU ASK FOR THE DRINK BACK!!??! So she gave them my drink so I told her and all she did was go to the back and make me a new one. so 40 mins for a drink, not worth my time!This new location is just really unorganized and their staff are not properly trained to work!Not coming back again until they hire better people and improve this problem!
the food here is good but not far from the dessert places around the area that actually have dine-in and service, i come here cause i like their durian desserts (ex.  the durian pancake $8.50)However i feel that their desserts are way overpriced (mango, pamelo sago $6.50), especially for the service that you get. the many times i went, we are not allowed to dine-in. no table or chairs are out and when we asked, she just says NO. that lady there is rude! also their hours are really strange, i sometimes want to have desserts after lunch or in the middle of the day.. but they are only open from 7pm-midnight. that's ok, its their lost.so for take-out this place is good (cause apparently that's all they offer), but not quick either. wait time is from 10-20 mins.If there is any other place in richmond hill that offers delicious durian pancakes, i will never come back here again.
This place has delicious Chinese BBQ Meats. it is $5.50 for rice + 2 meats (or one) with the choices you can have something different every day of the week. the BBQ Pork is amazing, one of the best i've had especially if they still have half fatty. the bbq chicken wings is perfectly glazed and flavoured (my fav). the roasted pork has a great ratio of meat + fat + crunchy skin. you have go to try every combination! will differently come back for lunch take out.
Best Wings I've had! I've tried many wings places and nothing else compares. They don't skimp on the sauces! it's loaded with sauces! Yum. There's 100's of flavours to choose from, you wont get sick of it, Even tho after many hit/misses I've already have a set of favourites.Come with in larger groups or with a few friends, you can get more flavours and there is always someone to finish the left overs. You may think you can stuff 20 wings, with loadded fries, but it's not that easy cause these wings are huge!and the LOADED fries is a MUST get! the fries are nice and chunchy on the outside with a soft hot center and lots of gravy, mealty stringy cheese and bacon! yum! I might like it even more than the wings itself!
This location has the BEST Prime Rib! it melts in my mouth! and I keep coming back for more! I tried other steakhouses even paying more then what the Keg charges and it still doesn't compare. The only thing is that the line ups are LONG, every single night! regardless if it is monday or friday! grab a drink at the bar and wait it out.
It's a nice place, the decor is beautiful. Nicer than the other Rodizio places I have been to, but did not really match the theme, it was nice and quiet. the wine menu from the ipad is a nice touch! but it could be overwhelming with the countries and grapes, so much to choose from!first, parking here you need to be very lucky, cause even the valet gets full?I generally hate coming to any restaurant in this plaza, cause i just simply do not want to bother with parking.the entrance is a bit of a mess, there's lots of people standing around. Make reservations ahead of time, cause even with that, you sometimes have to wait.The salad bar was beyond disappointing, there wasn't anything I liked at all.... first time this has happened to me at a AYCE salad bar, since i always like to try a bit of everything. Grabbed some guacamole and went back to my seat.The meat took a long time to come... and when it FINALLY came, they were ALL coming at us at once from left and right. Everything came at once! except the pineapple everyone talked about of course.I didn't like how the meats came in waves, they came all at the same times, and my meat was getting cold, cause I can't eat it all at once quickly enough! I have tried every single type of meat they offered and I didn't enjoy any of it, they were all tough and dry and flavorless. Finally we asked for the Pineapple, and someone came over with 2 brand new HOT pineapples, I got the caramelized piece from the outside, and I do not understand the hype? it was overly sweet and the inside of the pineapple and sour on the inside so super sweet mixed with super sour (not something my taste buds enjoy)total for one person was $60 including tax & tips. A bit overpriced and over rated, I would rather have a nice piece of steak, than this so called AYCE eat dry meat that i did not enjoy. How much meat can you eat anyways?
The place is cute and cozyService - it was very nice and friendly, knows the items available. The speed of the food was perfect timing. The place was half full.Rice - the rice was a bit too hard and dry, and not enough meat for the portion and price as well (7.99)Dessert molten cake - it was delicious, I don't like chocolate but I didn't mind this one, the exterior was a but crunchy and inside was spilling out, but the ice cream was not hard/cold enough, it started melting really quick.Drinks - the cups are on the smaller size but it's nicely made, not too sweet.
The service here is super friendly, its a little family owned business, i used to come here for lunch take out, cause its near my work and the lunch special are amazingly priced. from $7-$9 (take-out is tax included) now that it changed it's name; everything is still the same, still an awesome lunch! my favorite is the L4, the sashimi was always fresh, the rolls are always a different combination and it's delicious! I'd definitely recommend this place.
two word to describe the desserts: TOO SWEET.i first found out about this place when macarons were still fresh and new, and thought it was unique, now its sold everywhere. the macarons are too sweet and overpriced, your paying $2.25 - $3.00 each, considering how small and how fast its gone. its a nice treat once in a awhile, but sometimes you cant even remember you ate it!oh my, the CAKES they are way tooooo sweet. they look OK but nothing special in the design, unless PLAIN is unique? I've tried a few from Birthday parties.. and wish i didnt have to eat it.
The menu has CHANGED since the last time I went, there is still LOTS of people lining up regardless of the time of day. the waitress' are still very slow. The washrooms are disgusting.They have a new menu, a cheaper version, with shitty food and NOTHING special, all the pictures of food I posted before? They don't have those anymore. no more durian puff pastry, no more pineapple custard bun etc.. even the steamed taro is made differently. They must have switched chefs and now they offer a $3 for all S, M, L item before 11am. but each dish is not even WORTH $3. if you are paying more than $3 you are getting ripped off by shitty Dim Sum.I also came to the banquet here twice, once for an event and another time for a wedding, the food was not bad, most dishes were hits more than miss. But I can't believe I was still hungry after. I don't know if this is a chinese banquet thing or not, but they always serve the food 2-3 hours AFTER the time they said they would, no wonder all every one is always late when they know they are going to a chinese banquet. Also the dessert? Terrible.
I went on a weekday after work, all you can eat korean bbq for $17.99pp. There was not a lot of selection, we ordered everything for the first round, and randomly some was doubled up... and it was the ones we didnt like at all... so we told them to take some back.anyways we didn't like any of the meat, the cut was way too thick, except the ox tongue which was nice and thin, and you cant really go wrong with chicken. Like I said NOT MUCH CHOICES! no lettuce wraps, no dipping sauces...our grill was changed twice, after we asked, cause our food was getting burnt. Atleast they changed it.bottom line, will never return.
I miss the kazen that used to be here, the tappanyaki was really good and unique. Only to see another nak won appear. But I'm glad it's nak won, cause I like this location more over the yonge/finch and FMP location. There is lots of parking here and there isn't a wait line cause the place is large enough. the ventilation is still not the greatest but better than a lot of other Korean restaurants where i come out smelling like KBBQ.The food: We ordered the usual things we usually order, pork bone soup, ginseng chicken, short rib in special sauce, short rib in egg drop soup. The dishes were good portions, they come with this purple rice. The prices, seemed higher than the other locations (even the T&T in the same plaza has higher prices) however I haven't been to nak won in over a year so I'm not sure if prices changed or if I remember incorrectly.They just give 1 salad to share for 4 people instead of 1 salad each, and they didn't have the chapchae noodles or the potato side dishes I liked most. However the side dashes were still really good.The service is quick as always.
The staff is friendly, and attentive. Lots of local customers from around the area, the plaza has lots of parking spaces. The decor is nice and modern (except all windows are covered/blocked) the food comes out really fast. They also have waitresses bring out special dishes around to lure you into ordering more cause it looks so delicious (even, when you know that you have already ordered too much) they know how to do business!I agree that most of the dim sum dishes were delicious (some misses) but the biggest disappointment is the overly expensive price tag on them, the ingredients are normal, it's not like there is scallops in the Sui Mai or sharks fin. Everything was regular menu items you find at other Chinese tea places but with a huge price tag. I have been here 4 times (close to home) and each time cost is $60 (including tips) on a lunch. I love dim sum, but not really $60 worth, especially with so much competition and delicious dim sum in the GTA (except just a bit further out for me, when in extremely hungry)
this place is FAST, Delicious and good price! what more can you ask for? the noodles are cooked just right, not overcooked and the wontons are huge and delicious! my fav is the homemade giant fish balls! they are even bigger than the wontons and delicious. I like the few choices, so people orders quickly, but ALL choices are great. Get a side dish of the veggies and it's a great meal. the XO sauce they have is delicious also, I wonder if it's homemade also, they sell it by the jar at the cashier counter.
This is my Fav froyo shop. They have the most flavourful yogurts the flavour taste exactly the same as it's name. The frozen yogurt doesn't melt quickly and they have so many toppings to choose from. lots of fresh fruits cut up into very small piece, mochi pieces!! and the cheesecake was so delicious. and lots of crunchy bits to choose from. It's very roomy and lots of chairs inside.
The food here tastes pretty bad, they are nicely plated and from the photos you see, it will look like it's delicious! however it does not taste like what it looks.I went for lunch, except it was not early enough for the breakfast obviously and it was not late enough for afternoon tea. there was no lunch special (like pepper wok beside it) so had to order off the main menu (dinner) for lunch.the selection is little, the menu is small, drink choices are minimal also.The Nasi Goreng with Chicken steak - the chicken steak was nicely flavored however not enough of that soy sauce on top. and the rice was dried and it was a nice color but lacked flavour. $8.95the hainan chicken rice was a bit small and most overpriced out of all the places I've had it. $8.95The japanese style beef rice was not what I had imagine, i would not even call this a curry, it was minced beef and rice with an egg on top, not worth the price and did not taste good. $7.95the bolognese spaghetti was large, however it had a weird taste, very sweet. there was enough meat toppings, just the flavour was very off. I did not like it at all. $7.95It still gets 2 stars not because of the food, (cause we did not enjoy it) and we were starving (usually food tastes better when you are extra hungry? it did not) the service was quick, food came quick and I like supporting individual owned businesses, we sat at the back at a high table and there was photos of the owners and their dog, it was cute, and very personal yet welcoming.
I agree with another reviewer that it is not worth it for $100+ for 2 people. I suggest coming here in a larger group, order the curry crab as well as the other dishes cause it's just as delicious!I absolutely love the curry crab! The sauce is amazing! Perfect with the warm bread / roti. The other dishes they have to offer is very good also.
Chi Star House just open 2 days ago.. I expect confusion during the first week or so when a business opens up. So this review is based on their soft opening and trying to figure things out.The open concept deco is really simple. The space feels really spacious and inviting. Tons of booth seating which is great for small group.Chi Star House is kind of a mixture of Cantonese and Hong Kong Style Cafe. With breakfast (8-11), lunch (11-3), afternoon tea (2:30-5:30) and dinner (5- 11 pm). All time slot has set special available the includes a drink or a soup.Arriving at 6 pm looking for something light and the waitress gave me a regular menu that only have dishes that are good for groups... I feel really not single friendly. I should have left but ended up suck it up and ordered Satay Beef with Vermicelli in Hot Pot ($7.99). The portion was really good at that price point but just lack satay taste and the sizzling hot pot factor.While talking to another waitress complaining about the lack of other options during dinner. She said they have noodles, fried rice and even all day special from $4.99!!!! Ended up I was not given the special menu and they didn't realize that the all day menu is grouped under breakfast.....I guess I need to come back and try out their $4.99 special... but for now 2.5 star rounded up to 3 with room for improvement!!
I was so looking forward for Mama Bear to open as I can come here to get my fix of stinky tofu and other Taiwanese goodies regularly! An upgrade from the previous HK Style Cafe to a nicely decorated space with more details.Menu has such varieties and I want to try them all. This is just so me... But since I was here alone for a snack, I settled on my usual:Taiwanese Braised Beef Noodle ($7.99) and Wintermelon Drink ($1.50). Choice of noodle (thick, thin or vermicelli) and the soup base was quite rich, noodle was not overcooked but the beef can be more tender. Promising first impression and I will be back!
A good place for dim sum. All the dim sums are made to order and all fresh and tasty! I prefer the made to order VS the pushing carts!I love their seafood soup dumpling, they bring out a little burner to keep the content hot!Golden Court does get busy on weekends with a long wait for tables.They accepts Visa and Mastercard!
Savour York Region's Lunch for $15 at Alice Fazooli's is definitely a great deal.Mushroom & Sherry Soup (Porcini, Shiitake, Cremini, Tarragon, White Onion, Cream)- Tons of mushrooms and it is not too creamy... the taste of Sherry is quite strongFettuccini Al'Pollo (Roasted Chicken Breast, Sundried Tomatoes, Spinach, Cream Sauce)- The chicken breast is surprising quite tender and plentiful- Cream sauce makes this pasta dish really hearty.....Tartufo (Rolled in Toasted Almonds, Caramel Sauce)- Almonds.... hmmm love that! and it is quite sizable... Service is really friendly. I would definitey come back for their drink specials at their bar area which is more casual...  Thursday Martini Specials sounded good!!BTW, those spot lights shining right at my table are awesome for photo taking! :)
All these yelpers talking about macarons and how great they are.. I decided to give it a try!I have been in Time Square a few times, Ruelo never seems to open when I was there! There are no sign of business hours displayed so I don't know when they are open.Finally my patience paid off. After having a quick lunch around 12:30 pm and I walked by the dark looking store, a girl just came out and unknocked the door. I was jumping for joy.. I think I freaked her out.. how can someone be so hyper and excited even before eating all these sweets!There are fortunately or unfortunately only have 5 favours of their famous macarons in the displayed case. I decide to pick up 4 of the favours expresso, chocolate, raspberry and lychee each. The girl behind the counter was a little confused about which favour is which and she was looking at the chart...... hmmmBTW, they are not cheap! $2.25/$2.50 each depends on the favour. The taste is so rich! A little too sweet for my taste, but it will go well with coffee without sugar or dark tea!I have to say I enjoy the Lychee favour the best! Maybe it is not as sweet and heavy as the chocolate one! I will definitely be back to pick up more macarons and try out other favours (wasabi??)! And not to think about calories! Ruelo is definitely a nice little cake shop to satisfy your sweet teeth!
Joe's Hamburgers' burgers are pretty good... not the best I had but just watching my beef patty grilling in open flame... exciting!!1/4 lb combo ($7.55) with a choice of drink. I got excited again when the nice man behind the cash said how about a beer?! Of course.. the drink is just a choice of pop..My DC must be really hungry since he finished his 1/2 lb in lighting speed... and then start attacking all the home cut fries and onion rings....until everything is gone!! Maybe is the Cherry Cola he is drinking giving him this sugar rush....The burger is quite enjoyable as the meat is moist and seasoned well. However, the Chicken Souvlaki with grilled marks looks a lot more tempting!! I definitely will be ordering that when I come back next time!PS They should definitely has the staffs wiped down the table frequently... seems no one ever clean the table the whole time we are there!!
Akasaka Japanese Restaurant has been around for a long long time. They must be doing something right in order to survive in this era of AYCE Japanese food.This review is based on my lunch experience.The restaurant is nicely decorated in traditional Japanese theme. I was welcomed warmly by the wait staffs and seated in a nice table for 1 with nice thick cushioned chairs.Their lunch specials starting at $9 with miso salad and salad. You can also have teppanyaki starting for $10 that includes icecream too.I opted for the executive sushi lunch special ($13) which includes 6 pieces of sushi, 6 pieces of maki and 1 salmon handroll.  The presentation was great.. I like the way how my salmon handroll was presented in a shooter glass (btw, makes me feel like having a shooter). The rice was all nice cooked with a nice mix of vinager in it. The fish were all fresh..The services were fast and attentive. My teacup never empty, always refilled without asking. There were 4 wait staffs working the lunch shifts and 3 people working at the sushi counter. I imagine there were more people working at the back kitchen too! This is the most staffed Japanese restaurants I have been to in the area!BTW, the only beef I have is the staffs were talking really loud among themselves in Chinese... around me, behind me, in front of me. I know most of the clients here are non Chinese speaking but that really affect the atmospthere. Especially funny when they all pretended they are Japanese.A little expensive for lunch compare to other places but their teppanyaki seems like a good deal for $10 and their quality of food and services are excellent!They accepts all credit cards!
3.5 starMaybe I was lucky? Maybe it was a Sunday?I have quite a decent meal at Il Fornello and the service was terrific! Linguine di Mare ($19)- too saucy and that made the pasta a little too soggy- Seafood is plentiful and fresh: Mussels, Calamari, Shrimps and ScallopsRigatoni Bolognese ($16)- pasta cooked al dente with a good bit and texture- meat sauce is rich and boldChocolate Souffle ($11)- a little overpriced with the portion - More like a warm brownie with ice cream but really hit the spot! I am biased with warm chocolate everythingService... Attentive and Cheerful... I love my waiter! He alone worth that extra 0.5 star!Will try to come back on Tuesday for their $10 Pizza Special! Hopefully really soon!
2.5 (round up to 3 since it is quite new)I really expected that Han Mi Jeong opened up inside Richlane Mall since it adds variety to the existing restaurants line up. Cantonese, HK Cafe, Japanese, Vietnamese and now Korean.The deco and the set up was just like the 2 previous restaurants that used to be here. Han Mi Jeong did freshened up the interior a little and give it a cleaner look.Menu is traditional Korean with a lot of emphasis on soups, which is good and I am not into "fusion" Korean food that much. Price point is a $1 or $2 higher but without much competition in the area, I am more than happy to pay for some well prepared Korean food.We ordered the following to share:Bajirak Kalguksu ($10.99) Manila Clams with Hand Cut Noodle - tons of clams but sadly the broth did not have the complex taste and the noodle was not good.Kalbi Dinner ($15.99) Beef Short Ribs on Sizzling Plate - cooked with no grill marks and the beef was lukewarm and the plate was not even sizzling?!Gam Ja Tang ($9.99) Pork Bone Soup - I am no PBS expert but with just 3 small piece of bones and a really simple tasting broth base (lack the herbs and spices, aside from being spicy), I doubt I would order that again.+0.5 Star for serving purple rice and the banchan was fresh
Thanks for the $20 off coupon from Fraticelli's via Email, I got to come back and give them another try.I love the idea of having a feature menu as the regular menu had not been changed for years and I always like the try new things!Lamb Shank ($31) was so tender and tasty. I love the Parsley-Mint gremolata garnish and being braised in Chianti gave it a more complex flavour.Fettuccini Gamberetti ($20) was just so pretty in Green with the help of pesto sauce and baby arugula. Love the plating!There was no hostess at the front when I walked in and waiting in the front for over 5 minute until one of the wait staff noticed me. I could tell the restaurant was really understaffed. But good to see that the place was busy.
2.5 starI am never a fan of Buffet... but if my friends are interested, I am always game..since at least I know even the food sucks, I have fun sharing the experience with them!The Host lunch buffet ($11.99) was a really disappointing experience. Since it was not too busy on a Wednesday afternoon, I found most of the food were lukewarm... and most of the the dishes were toned way down for the level of spiciness. At first my friend was worried about the spiciness of the food after his Mother India's and Hopper Hut spicy experience... but here, he can just chowed down plates and plates of food without even asking for water refills or breaking a sweat!The services were indifferent and cold...without a smile... the waiters did do their job of filling up our water glasses and taking away our dirty plates. I don't think I will come to The Host again for their lunch buffet.
Goldsor Restaurant is located at Time Square. It serves mainly Hong Kong style Western food.I have to say the breakfast is quite decent here, starting at $3.45. I ordered the 2 eggs/hot dogs/toast with HK style milk tea where as my sister ordered the satay beef vermicelli with hot honey lemon.My sister really enjoy her food because it is really tasty with a lot of satay sauce. The beef is plentiful and tender. She finished the whole bowel by herself!My breakfast set is quite ok, but for $3.45 that's really good value.The services is fast and friendly.I won't be hesitate to be back to eat here again.
Lunch Specials! Lunch Specials!Yes Tomo sushi has lunch specials starting from $7.95! The selections includes both Japanese and Korean items.We decided to try one Japanese and Korean Lunch Set: Chirashi Sushi ($14.95) and Kalbi/Grilled Beef ribs ($8.95).The Kalbi set comes with miso soup, salad, pumpkin and tofu tempura and 6 pieces of beef ribs. I have to they all tasted pretty good! Really good price for the food!Chirashi Sushi has a general serving of raw fish: 14 pieces and artfully presented. The fish are fresh and tasty.. However, I have to say it is not as good as the Chirashi I have at Zen http://www.yelp.ca/biz/zen-japanese-restaurant-scarborough#hrid:V5--da17VL0GVCxdYTnCbAThe service is fast and friendly. I would definitely be back again for lunch to try out others items on the lunch menu!They accepts Interac, Visa and Mastercard.
Trying to stalk Roma M brought me to this Starbucks location! I was pleasantly surprise, not because I ran into Roma, but this have to be one of the better Starbucks location I been.On a Sunday late afternoon, this place was not packed. I can find empty seats where I can park myself for a hour or 2 using their free Wifi!  I also appreciate how the tables are not pack closely, so there's still a little privacy. The music just like background, which made my stay more relaxing...The service is efficient and decent. I will definitely drop by and make this one of my yelp offices!!
Papa George . definitely promising if you looking for good quality well prepared Hong Kong Style Cafe food.This restaurant is small and packed. This may not be the coolest new and hot place to hang out for a foodie but with all the Seniors eating here, you know it is good value.Black Truffle and Shrimp with Pasta with Cream Sauce Meal Set ($9.99).At this price point, what I served really exceeded my expectation. Garlic Bread and Soup with a choice of Borscht or Clam Chowder. Pasta with a choice of Spaghetti, Linguine, Penne, Rotini and more. And of course a choice of coffee/tea.The portion size of the pasta is huge. Easily can feed 2 people. I can assure you that truffle oil had been used as I can smell and tasted the aroma of truffle. A few thing they can improve is not to overcook the pasta and not overdo the sauce. The pasta was a little to soggy and mushy for my taste.I might try other items maybe their curry dish. Afternoon tea from 2:30 pm-6:00 pm. Closes 7 pm with last call at 6 pm. Early dinner anyone? Cash Only!
It took me 1 year to give Yu Seafood's dim sum a second try and I had been back twice already in March. And the experience and food has improved so much that I decided to write an update.I tried out quite a few items on the menu, not everything was perfect but a big improvement from the nightmarish experience I had last time. Gone was the huge serving plates and sweet/sour sauce in the plating!Beef Rice Roll (M) 碧綠牛肉腸 - 3/5Cashew Nut Chicken and Vegetable Dumplings (M) 潮洲田園粉果皇 - 4/5 love the wrappings Mixed Puff with Pork (M) 香梨咸水- 4/5 They are just too cute!Mushroom and Vegetable Dumplings (M) 野珍菌菜苗餃 - 2.5/5 Not too much flavour and the wrapping too thickPortugese Egg Tarts (M) 葡式旦撻 - 1/5 just don't order that...Special BBQ Pork Bun (M) 天下第一包 - 4.5/5 just as good or better than a year ago: Sweet and Savoury!Steamed Chicken Feet (M)麒麟醬鳯爪 - 3/5 OK Deep Fried Durian Cake (L) 飄香榴蓮酥- 2/5 usually I love Durian dessert, but the oil that was they used made it tasted staleMixed Mushroom and Veggie Roll (L) 米湯鮮竹卷- 2.5/5 Nice presentation but not worth for 2 small rollsPork and Shrimp Shumai (L) 錦袍燒賣皇 - 3/5 not much flavour and lack texture, no meat juice and no wowShrimp and Scallops Dumplings (L) 乾明太魚餃- 4/5 so cute! I wish the kitchen would do more dumplings like thisShrimp Dumplings (L)  漁膳鮮蝦餃- 4/5 big bouncy shrimps used for the filling and love the perfect wrappings!Lobster and Fish Congee (SP) 龍蝦斑球粥- 5/5 just order this if you are a congee and seafood lover! Almost every table put in an order of congee.I guess I would be coming back! :)
Cream Big Steamed Roll?Salt Detonation Screw Sheet? (google has no idea what this is!)Scalded Cuttlefish?Corn Steamed Bun PalaceIrrigation Soup Package?Reading Golden Harvest Menu is definitely entertaining. I am glad that there are photos for every single item, as who would have guess Irrigation Soup Package = Soup Filled Dumplings?Lunch Special Weekday till 3 pm..  Selection is decent with entrees, noodles and dumplings. Price point is similar to regular menu but it comes with either a hot and sour soup or soy milk drink.Braised Beef with Homemade Noodle ($6.55) with Soy Milk- This is where the photo failed me... showing a hot and spicy looking broth... and in reality it is a clear beef broth- Noodle though cooked well with great bite, beef though is A-OKAfternoon Tea Special from 2:30 - 5:30 with 8 choices starting from $2.99 with either soup/soy milk drinkFried Dumpling ($2.99) with hot and sour soup- They are freshly made and filled with soup! Really tasty!Service here is spotty... I arrived close to 3 pm before lunch special cut off time. Waiter kept asking me to hurry and order but forgot to give me the lunch special menu......Portion is on the smaller size... I was able to finish the lunch and afternoon set in one seating...... no judgement here.. maybe I am just really hungry??!Sea Food with Floor Ball Soup?!!!!!!!
Big Boy's Burger cooks when ordered. I love the smell of meat on grill but I always ended up smell like what I were eating.Big Boy's Burger Combo($9.95) has 1/2 lb of meat and holy moly full tray of french fries! I almost want to tell the nice guy at the counter that I cannot really eat all of those by myself... Come hungry! I did finish the burger which was juicy... but just lack a little seasoning. The toppings consists of the usual onion, tomato, lettuce (thinks Harvey) other toppings are 99 cents each: fried egg, sauteed mushroom, bacon. And the Fresh Cut Fries were really good!Quite busy during lunch rush since it is located near a High School.Big Boy's Burger serves more than burgers, so I will be back to try out other items when I have a craving for some meat!
I am excited to see Magic Noodle is doing its magic up at Richmond Hill.This new location is much better the one ar Scarborough. The interior is a lot more spacious, hence more seating and love the bar seating against the wall. As a frequent solo diner, the wait would be significantly shorter.For this location, there are wait staff that can speak Cantonese or Mandarin and English. Some are even speaks all 3. Communication is not going to be an issue. The colorful menu with nice photos makes ordering super simple.My Langchou Beef Noodle 蘭州牛肉面 ($6.95) with the choice of noodle (三梭) was really well made. The soup is hot with nice herbal aroma. The star of course is the Magic noodle: cooked perfectly with great texture and bite but not doughy at all.Hopefully this Magic Noodle would opens 24/7 like its Scarborough location. But for now the hours is 11 am -11 pm.
I have yet been to a "Good" and "Decent" Xe Lua Restaurant.This is the newest location of Xe Lua Restaurant and the experience is just all MEH. From the service and the food, you know how you sometimes has this feeling why am I here?Special Pho Medium ($6.50) is sizable, perfect portion for lunch. However their use of  Fresh Rice Noodle which is a lot thicker and has this taste that doesn't goes well with the soup. The broth itself though loaded with MSG but I had worse...so it is still passable.When you are served by a waiter that really care less...never has eye contact and never address you or acknowledge you, I don't think I want to be back!Menu is extensive, maybe a little too extensive?
The last time when I was in Restoran Malaysia was a few years ago. I decided to come back with my friend to tried out the lunch specials so I can yelp about it.The cheesy Restoran Maylaysia outside of the building does not really match with the interior design of the restaurant. The decoration is calm and soothing with the dim lighting and Zen environment.We were greeted and seated promptly by the waitstaff. The lunch menu starts from $7.50. We decided on the Thai Curry Chicken and the Pad Thai to be shared between us.The food arrived so fast! My friend was so amazed... The Pad Thai is good.. not great.. but is good. The Thai Curry Chicken is not too spicy but there are tons of chicken strips inside and it is quite filling.Though the food are good here. I have to say that they are not really authentic Malaysian dish. Adjustment did made to suit the local market. Though it is still a pretty good decent place for Malaysian food. The services were great. The waitstaffs dropped by a few time and make sure that everything were ok and our water glasses got refilled without asking! They even ask us if we want some more hot sauce when they saw our sauce plate was empty! haha found this on their website: "Hot sauce and sambal belachan is available upon request. However, if wasted, a dollar will be charged onto your bill." For sure I did not waste any!!The non-alcoholic drinks menu here are amazing with so many different tropical cocktails that are not offered in other restaurants.They accepts all credit cards and interac.
Toshi Ryoriten is the newest Japanese restaurant in the area. I just love the decoration, tasteful, modern and with attention to details.Lunch Menu serves till 3 pm.Price wise is in line with the higher end Japanese restaurants. So don't expect anything under $10. A Chef Sushi Selection is $16 and Sashimi is over $20.Chirashi Lunch with Salad and Soup ($16). The fish selection was A-OK though really thinly sliced. I did like the balance of Shari Rice. It was good but I was not really blown away.For now a 3 star. Their omakase sushi is at $65 which is quit reasonable but if you are in Markham/Richmond Hill area, people would compare everything with Zen. Will it be the same or better? For now it is a 3 star. But I am willing to come back again for some cooked food and even nigiri sushi to see the skill and knife work of the sushi chef.
There maybe a lot of others Better Chinese restaurants in the immediate area but Richmond Court has always been the to go place if I need something late night or with a big group.Good selection of Cantonese Comfort food: congee and noodles.. which is good for any time of the day and all priced reasonably.Service always fast and efficient. And trust me, if you are hungry and it is past midnight.. what Richmond Court has is good good food!HK milk tea is quite decent too.. not too many places you can find those old traditional thick rim tea cup...
Fav Cafe is a New Hong Kong Style Cafe that opened up at the Jubilee Centre.The staffs here are friendly and decoration welcoming.. and definitely a lot classier than some of the other cafes I frequent.Afternoon Tea Time, I found the afternoon tea set is a little disappointing with the selections as most of the items are deep fried...  I know some of my friends look that... but some days I just cannot do it.There are though Noodle Soup Selections ($4.50) ...Wonton, Beef/Fish Balls, Beef Brisket ...Preserved Mustarded Green With Pork is not bad...the preserved veggie is of good quality and so are the pork which were marinated and cooked before added to my noodle... I think I will be back to try out their "Main Course" which has over 32 different selections starting at $6.95 and includes soup and a drink...Maybe Fav Cafe can really be my "Fav" HK Style Cafe one day!
3.5 starI am not really sure.... that Classic Shared Platter ($25) is for 2-3 people?? I know it is a WHOLE flame-grilled chicken... maybe it is a baby chicken.. I don't think it is ready to be eaten yet..The chicken though is good... We even able to get half of it in mild and half in extra spicy... At least no one would able to eat my XX spicy half.The peri vegetable is grilled then tossed in olive oil ... almost the highlight of the meal.Family owned with the wife at the cash and the daughter delivering the meals... nice enough people... homey feel...I love Peri Peri Sauce...and it is great that extra of those are on the table for me to drown my chicken in the wholesome spiciness!!
This review is based on my experience during Savour York Region $25 Dinner Menu at That's Italian Express.* My Choice from the Winterfest 2014 Menu *Insalata di Funghi Misti - Warm Mushroom Salad was so good, high recommend if you are a mushroom lover like me! (I don't see this on regular menu...)Pizza a Scelta Sidernese - Prosciutto Heaven! Though this is a white pizza with no sauce at all Tiramisu - House made was just so creamy!*My Dinner mate Choice from the Regular Menu* (yawn)Caesar Salad ($8) - Standard, nothing compare to Insalata di Funghi Misti!Linguine Pescatore ($18) - Noodle a little overcooked but quite enjoyable!Seems like the dish I choose from the Winterfest menu was a hit as I was forced to share my food with my dinner mate while I have zero interest in his salad or pasta!Service was really attentive. We were also given a Lucky Red Pocket at the end of the meal with a $10 gift card to celebrate Chinese New Year. I guess I will be back again!Just note: that their Home made Spicy oil is good but really spicy!  And the menu has less selection than That's Italian Ristorante in Woodbridge.
I have been back to Ocean Seafood Restaurant a few more times since my last review..lunch, afternoon tea and dinnerThough the price here is cheap, the quality matches that too.My last dinner experience was just horrible. Both the dishes were beyond bad! The fish fillet has this thick soggy batter and the snow pea shoots was old and rough.Meh... not going to be back for awhile.....
Okotte Ramen A new Ramen joint has simple conception as Chef Papa where you can custom made your own perfect bowl and with $2.50 a choice of any PresoteaSpicy Soup + Tenderous Ribs + Shitaki Mushroom + Japanese Ramen ($9.99)I like the ramen as it was cooked perfectly with a nice bounce! The soft boiled egg also cooked with the perfect yolk. Sadly the ribs was cold inside...I would not come here for authentic Japanese ramen experience but ok as a noodle joint. They have some special soup base: Black Truffle, Basil and even Ginger may worth tryingPassionfruit Tea was a little sloppy as there was still couple of seeds in my drinks, that meant it was fresh fruit but did not strained out all the seeds before making my drinks.
Nam Vietnamese Restaurant has a lot of potential and will do well in this area without other authentic Vietnamese restaurants, if they would just improves on a few things.I love the decor of the restaurant which is quite unique compares to other restaurants. The staff is friendly and willingly to help but still need training and more serving experience.Menu is small but they do have a few items that are not available from other Vietnamese restaurants in the area and those were well prepared: Bun Cha Hanoi ($12), Hu Tieu Nam Vang Dry ($9.90). Their Bun Bo Hue ($9.80) has a nice lemongrass and ginger broth.Things to avoid: Spring Rols ($6). Those were the worse I ever ate. The wrapping was hard and chewy and there was hardly any fillings! Smoothies were quite tasty but the portion is small and presentation was not the most appealing.Good luck to Nam and hopefully more improvement can be made so it would be my go to Vietnamese restaurant in Richmond Hill.
All Star Wings & Ribs has all the elements of being an awesome sport bar.TVs and TVs and more TVs showing almost every sports at the same time. Your friend will definitely be happy, especially when he is not in the mood to talk to you. On the other hand, he might be checking something else while you busy eating your wings.But guys, please don't bring a girl here for the first date, you might never have a second chance.Waitress are friendly, nice and hot! May not be as hot as some of the wings. The wings might be the reason I will be coming back. Crispy outside and tender inside and with all these choices of flavours, decisions...decisions....Beers, Wings, TVs and "Scantily Dressed"* Waitress... now you know why All Star Wings & Ribs has all these 4 stars rating from all the Yelp friends I hang out with!*Sourced from Edwin A
The Owl of Minerva just opened up another location up in Richmond Hill in the same plaza as Restoran Malaysia. I was lucky to have an early dinner around 6 pm on a Sunday as this place really got busy and there was even a short wait for a table. The fact the restaurant is quite small even with the tables all packed closely together it can only seat around 40. Services fast and efficient... great if you are in a hurry... I ordered my Seafood Tofu Soup ($8.99) Extra Spicy...but result was like a mild... there were not too many seafood in the broth only a shrimp, a mussel and a oyster... but at least they are all fresh. 3 little plate of banchans was more like an after thought....... The Owl of Minerva is a great addition to the Bayview Major Mac area... at least people can hop by in case the wait at Restoran Malaysia is unbearable...FYI, 3 tvs showing CP24 and Pop Korea MTV!
Health Herbal Harmony is another Chinese desserts restaurant that serves Essence Jelly and other herbal remedy. It is located in Time Square with storefront facing Hwy 7.Dropped by on a late Sunday afternoon. The restaurant was empty. The menu here is extensive with a lot of different selections and it will be great if you come with a group of people so everyone will find something they enjoy! Have to get my fix for Essence Jelly as eating too much spicy food is not good for health, and Chinese believe that Essence Jelly can balance out the effect of NOT so healthy eating. This is especially true when the weather is hot!They do serves afternoon tea set (2pm-6pm everyday) which are around $5 that seems to be good value. Which I definitely would be back to try out. Today I decided on the Essence jello with Fresh fruit mix with coconut milk. ($6.80+$0.6).The portion here for sure is not as big as other places. However, the mixture of fruit is great, watermelon and mango are both so sweet and other fruits are all fresh.. thank you! no canned fruits in sight!The essence jelly  is a lot bitter in taste than any other places in TO that I tried. They put  lingzhi in that too. Lingzhi is another herbal remedy that suppose to be good for your health. I am not sure if the Lingzhi gave it a really bitter taste or they use extra herbs when preparing their jelly. Any way, I am glad that I order it with fresh fruits and coconut milk. If not, it will taste more like a medicine!Services are fast and friendly. They do give 10% off non set menu if you have a full time student ID and with free Wifi, I can imagine a lot of younger customers would hang out here later in the evening.Their website is really cool too.. and they even deliver to your house or you can order takeout online and then go pick it up!Cash only!
Dropped by Montana's Cookhouse for lunch. The prices are really similar as what they offered at dinner time. The deals they have are the lunch set that includes non alcoholic drinks. I got seated promptly and the bar area with 3 flat screen TVs at the sportnet channel. My waiter is nice and friendly. Decided on the Buffalo Chicken sandwich.. which he gave me a choice of fries, salad, veggie or SWEET POTATO FRIES with $1 surcharges. I just could not resist when he said sweet potato fries... :) My food arrived within 15 min... so no free lunch this afternoon! It is nice and relaxing to eat lunch at a quiet and near empty restaurant. The chicken a little dry.. but the sauce is excellent.. because it is SPICY! and the sweet potato fries though a little burn..but I just love sweet potato! Yes I will be definitely come again for lunch... I was in and out of the restaurant in 30 min!!
I have been here for dinner at Nak Won a couple of time since my first review.Sadly, the quality of food has been going down hill and with the latest price increase, I don't think I will be coming back.Yesterday night, the 2 soups we ordered were just bad.Pork and Kimchi Stew (DwaejiGogi Kimchi Jjigae) tasted like tomato soup!  Korean Beef Short Rib Stew (Galbi Jjim) was so overly sweet and has the consistency and taste of Chunk Sirloin Beef Stew. It was bad...........
Ho Shin Tang means Good Soup according to my friendly waitress! *Cute waitress alert for my Yelp Friend! Their Gamjatang (Pork Bone Soup) is suppose to slimmer for over 24 hour and is their signature dish.Gamjatang ($7.99) here is a lot less spicy and the flavour is a lot more subtle than other Korean restaurants. Just a hint of spiciness by red pepper powder and definitely lack the punch. The soup was not served as hot as I would like and the pork bones were lukewarm.Bulgogi Jungol ($9.99) has so much sliced beef that would have make any meat eater happy. The taste of beef was strong and so was the sweet soy sauce was quite intense! One of the better bulgogi jungol I experienced.Waitress gave us free refill of banchen and even asked if I need more soup for my Gamjatang! Ho Shin Tang is open from 6 AM serving Korean Breakfast! Morning Special for $6.99!
There are a lot of "Dickens" around in Richmond HIll and Scarborough Area.  And this is one claim to be the authentic, original Dickens Cafe.This location used to be Red Ants Restaurant, so the new owner kept most of the set up and deco, and just put on a new coat of paint.They do have specials for any time of the day: lunch, afternoon tea and dinner set.There are 10 lunch sets for one to pick during my visit. Priced from $6.99 and up. Which includes a choice of soup, garlic bread and a drink. 8oz Angus Steak for $12.99 seems to be a good valueI decided on the Curry Chicken with Rice ($8.99)The borscht soup does taste fresh with tons of veggies.. however, without the usual kick of other borscht soup. Though it is really enjoyable.The Curry Chicken and rice, I found it just tastes ok. The rice is a little hard and cold... however the Curry chicken though tender is a little cold, same with the curry sauce. There are no steam coming out to fog my camera len, so I know it is not hot :)But overall all the items I was served were ok.. did not go WOW... but taste ok.Service though is nice and friendly.I will be back to try out other things on the menu.. I though remember to ask them to make it at least warmer.. they can just put them in the microwave for 30 sec before bring them to my table!There are 10% off coupon in some of the Chinese Newspaper, so look for one before going!
My Yelp friend would hardly takes me crawling  to high end restaurants, unless we are having dinner with our guests of honour...Our guest of Honour requested to have Peking Roasted Duck and my Yelp friend gave me a list of classy/plushyrestaurants to choose from and I ended up picking Dragon Boat Fusion Cuisine.  Peking Roasted Duck was A-OK... Skin was crispy and light.. I didn't feel guilty at all enjoy them! The pancake wrap was a little disappointing though, a little heavy and doughy for my taste. The diced duck meat with lettuce wrap was excellent!! I love those crispy noodles that was sprinkled in.. gave the dish an interesting texture! Soft and crunchy at the same time! Eggplant with minced pork in hot pot was not bad either... I have better but as long as my guests enjoying that, I am happy! Service was lukewarm...as we were not ordering a lot of food or the expensive set abalone or shark fin meals... BTW, the red bean soup dessert was excellent!! Tasty, tons of red bean and great texture! Now, if I can convince my Yelp Friend to come with me for dim sum?? Maybe I need to find more guest of honours especially pretty and single ones...
I just want to lounge in the patio area...One of the nicest patio in the area and it was heated toasty warm even on a beautiful early summer night! The cushions so comfy, I can stay out there for awhile. The only thing now is the landscaping that needed to be done as it is quite dusty now.The bar area has 4 huge TV for game time. I enjoyed watching Game 7 of the NHL Western Conference on mute. But Milestones is not really a sport bar so I don't really mind.Service was excellent as our bartender/server was super attentive!I would definitely be back to have a night cap or a drink. They now has Mad Tom IPA on tap at $6.99 which is quite reasonably priced!
Dinner at Inatei is as good as lunch!Dinner Bento Box B ($29.99) consists of Grilled Black Cod, Sirloin, Tempura, California Roll and Sashimi is on the pricey side. But all nicely prepared and delicious!I really enjoyed Uni/Maguro/Ikura Kaisen don ($18.99). Uni was just so fresh/buttery/tasty. Portion is small, so I really savour every bite...UNI...............
Buk Chang Dong Soon Tofu has always been my to go place for Soon Tofu. I had been to both their Downtown and North York Locations.I would say Buk Chang has the most silky and soft tofu soup I have in Toronto area. There is just something so special about their tofu and this is probably the only item you should order. But if you want something more filling, there is also pork bone soup and other options.This Buk Chang location is so hidden and you won't even notice it if you just drive by. This maybe the reason I did not even know that it had been opened for months. Menu is really simple and similar to other locations. The best thing is the restaurant is spacious and service is nice and friendly. Our waiter checked on us and asked if we want some banchan refilled!I do like the option of choice of spiciness by level, so you can really custom order what you want.Highly recommended if you want something homey and comforting!
How's the dim sum at Yang's Fine Chinese Cuisine?A-OK! I probably will be back for their Durian Pastry!! They are made to order fresh from the oven.... I ate the whole order as I am the only one at the table that would eat durian!Other dim sum are all nicely done. I do expect that at this price point! Service is lacking as the restaurant was packed even for a weekday lunch break.I might come back for more dim sum if my friend wants a gathering. But there definitely have other options in the area!
This review is for a pre dinner drink and snack on the patio of Jack Astor's.Beer selection here is quite decent for Richmond Hill, especially compares to other chain restaurants that shares the same parking lot! A stamp of approval from my Yelp Drinking Buddy the Beer Maven. We drank beers and shared a Gaucho Fries ($6.83) -  Yukon Gold fries tossed with mozzarella cheese and a semi-sun-dried tomato and garlic chimichurri sauce, parsley and feta cheese.Nothing too amazing but the patio is nice and spacious.I will always in for another drink before patio season ends!
Sarpa is awesome! It is located in Oak Ridges.. yes that's really really up North for downtown people... even for me this is an area that I hardly visit. But it really worth the drive for me if I have the cravings for some good Italian food and great services!! The deco is elegant and warm. Most furnishing are in dark mahogany wood. The lighting is dim and is kind of romantic... great dating spot. Sarpa has a daily menu specials or you can pick from their regular menu. We decided on: Organic Arugula Salad ($13) though pretty good, but didn't wow me, skip! Veal Parmigiana ($24) is one of the best veal I ever have! Pounded really thin and lightly breaded, surprisingly tender and favoured.. oh and the melted Buffalo mozzarella ! Delicious!! Linguine Frutti Di Mare ($28) has really fresh seafood, all cooked perfectly with a light touch of tomato sauce. Chocolate Torte with Vanilla Gelato ($10) was so heavenly... I love warm chocolate sauce and cold gelato..........and finished off with assorted fresh berries!! Sarpa has the nicest, cleanest and the nicest smelling washroom facilities I ever been to!! Even Ritz Carlton's washroom is no match to this place! Sarpa is an awesome restaurant to bring a date or even having dinner with your friends.... I can wait to go back!! BTW, they have lunch specials too!! :)
Nonna's Oven might be one of the better place if you want family style Italian food. The menu specializes in salad, pasta, pizza and sandwich.There are quite a selection of pizza all made fresh when order and great for sharing. We came on a Sunday evening and the place was quite busy. We were seated right away without the need to wait for a table.American Pizza, Tomato Salad and Penne with Arriabiatta were all enjoyable. The Lava Cake with Ice Cream was not as good as I expected and the cake was overcooked and dry outside but chocolate filling has not melted.Service was so so. Maybe more waitstaff needed on a busy night?
Kim's Ichiban Market is not bad if you want to have some cheap quick sushi fix. My Ichiban Sushi ($13 tax in) was good as I was full after eating that. Fish is acceptable but I would not use the word "fresh". Some of the fish cut was really awkward like it was some ends of the piece.If I ever come back, I would ask what fresh and order a la carte by the piece.And of course good for a party platter to entertain and feed a big group.
Compare to the "New" Galleria down the street, H Mart just feel so dumpy and unimpressive! The layout of the store is quite good... and I found all the usual Korean grocery items.... but really the level of cleanliness is lacking.... The food court area is a disaster. Only 3 of the vendors left with most of the other barely staying opened. Sorry H Mart... you will not be the Korean grocery stores I would be shopping or eating when I am in the area...
Pro Tips: Stay with Pho or Bun ChaWith a limited menu and one would think at least Little Saigon knows what they are doing. Photos are deceiving as I know quite well as I myself is guilty to make my food looks more tasty through my camera lens and by using filters. But their Shrimp and Chicken Pad Thai ($10) was such a disaster. I can made something better than this. The plate of noodle swimming in some brownish sauce was nothing close to how it looks in the menu. This is not a restaurant quality dish. Would I be coming back? I would only for Pho and their Summer Rolls and nothing else.
Bayview Kitchen is a good choice if you want something cheap, quick and fast. Afternoon tea from 2pm to 5 pm..great for late lunches! My $4.25 Beef Brisket/Wonton Noodles with tea was perfect! Quick, fast and friendly services! Closed on Tuesdays!
Koi Sakana had transformed to a Ramen Joint since my first to review and I am glad they are getting much better after revamping their menu to concentrate on Ramen.No more Lunch Specials but their ramen is quite reasonably priced from $8.50.Spicy Ramen Level 2 was quite satisfying . This may not be a "Japanese" owned ramen restaurant but quality and quantity both decent. Noodle cooked with a good point and the broth was spicy and rich. The most standout experience though was the friendly and attentive service.I would be back to Koi Sakana when I have some ramen craving up at Richmond Hill. Cash Only!
Is there any non chain, non Franchise establishment with a decent patio up at Richmond Hill??? Think hard!! Are there?? Ended up me and My Hot Yoga Date ended up at Moxies... yes it is just so boring... I would like some suggestion where to go and if you think about somewhere decent, please kindly message me!! You see all these waitresses with their nice tan, heavy make up, low cut top with their push up bras in their shorts and heels..... I feel like I am at a Hooters or something.....anyway, for my Hot Yoga Date, dressing like that would not automatically get you a big fat tip, we looking for services..... Menu is predictable but I do think that's great that Moxie has daily drink specials, Monday is beer for $3.99 for the whole day and for Sunday is Caesar for $4.99. Our waitress was just so slow in every possible way: slow to take our food order, slow to get our bills, slow even taking our money...........maybe her heels slowing her down? or her top just too tight? My Kiwi Mojito ($5.99) is made of fresh fruits, quite refreshing but I barely tasted the alcohol, the proof is my face did not even turn red after I drank that and I didn't feel anything at all! Sweet potatoes fries($7.75) was quite good, but definitely small in portion! We were attacking it and it was gone so fast..... might be because we were fighting for it, that 's make it exceptionally tasty! I might come back on Monday for their Beer Specials......I don't think anything should get wrong just ordering a beer? Patio is full of smokers, they should start having non smoking section even on the patio!!
What makes this Congee Wong different than other locations??The variety of the menu? There is a different special menu for breakfast, afternoon tea, dinner. Breakfast and afternoon menus are similar to what offers in a Hong Kong Style Cafe. And for dinner, there is option from entree menu that offers even fresh seafood from the fish tank!I was here twice: lunch and afternoon tea since it opened and both time my experiences were A-OK. Decent food at a great price and friendly fast service!There are also quite a few tables that are good single diner like me. I will be coming in for a quick bite quite often when I am in the neighbourhood which will be almost every week!
Dayali newest location just opens up in Richmond Hill.The interior feel a lot more spacious and with more small tables good for 2 or 4 people which is welcoming since reservation is not accepted for 5 or more people.Obviously, one should be ordering Beijing Roast Duck but for tonight I decided to try out other items on their huge menu.Stewed Large Meatballs in Brown Sauce ($3) 狮子头 - A-OK but was a little cold when servedSauteed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce ($9.99) 京醬肉絲 - standardStir-Fried Pea Sprouts ($9.99) 清炒豆苗  - standardSteamed Buns with Meat Fillings ($6.99)  特色小籠包Rice Noodle in Spicy and Sour Broth ($3.29)  酸辣粉 - lack spiciness or sourness, cheap carb fillerSignature Breaded Da Ya Li Pear ($2) 金鸭梨 - My favourite item of the meal, #everythingtastebetterdeepfriedThough there were only 2 tables at 9:15 pm, 45 minute before closing, The kitchen was extremely slow. I almost want to leave when the steamed buns and pear just took forever to be ready.Might be back again for other items. Hours of opening though was odd since they closes 10 pm daily, a little early for Chinese restaurants?Waitstaff is super nice, really apologetic for the slowness of the kitchen and even let me yell at him a little.
Back here Mi-Ne Japanese for dinner and really enjoyed myChirashi ($17.95) has such good selections of fish: BC Tuna, Tuna, Salmon, Salmon Roe, Tobiko....All nicely presented and artfully waiting for me to enjoy!One of the best Chirashi in the area at this price point!! Now I know where to fulfill my sashimi craving! Mi-Ne is the one!
This review of Touro Churrascaria is on my experience for their patio, where there is an a la carte menu and drink specials.Watching World Cup games and drinking $5 pint on Touro's patio might be one of the most enjoyable way to spend a sunny afternoon.Patio is so spacious with a lot of different seating option for small or big groups. There is also shaded and sunny area if you are like me prefer to be in the shade but still enjoy some fresh air.$5 domestic pint all day on the patio or daily specials $5 Sangria Tuesday, $5 Caesar Sunday and Caipirnhas on Sunday.. And for sure I will be back for some more World Cup action or just chill out with my friends at those comfy sectional loungers downing some Caiprinhas!
It had been 5 years since I last visited Bali Restaurant. And it is still a 3 star experience.If you want value, lunch combo is the way to go. We shared:Golden Curry Beef Brisket with Rice ($8.99) - A lot of curryChar Grilled Lemongrass Pork Chop with Rice ($8.99) - Great Portion with 2 ChopsAromatic Soy Chicken with Rice ($8.99) - Meh, Chicken has this funny texture and blandPad Thai ($8.50) - MehPork Meat Balls with Rice Vermicelli in Broth ($8.50) - OKMango Salad - MehSpring Roll - Fresh and CrispyMy previous review still stands. If you here for authentic South East Asian food, you will be disappointed. Missing the intense flavour and the extensive use of herbs and spices. You find most of the clients here are Chinese and quite a lot of seniors during lunch hours.But if you here for just some filling food then you will be OK.
Sugar Hut is a relatively new Chinese dessert place. A little out of the way unless you lives in the area but the good thing is it is not too busy.The menu has traditional Chinese dessert that I enjoyed and other newer concept items too. Steamed Coconut Water Egg White ($6.95) was smooth and have this healthy clean taste. A little on the pricey side.I will be back next time I have some cravings for Chinese dessert when I am in the hood.
I am a little confused.Yu Garden 南翔 is specialized in Shanghainese cuisine. Think soup filled dumplings which it is famous for.I had been to one of the originall franchise in Singapore http://www.yelp.ca/biz/nanxiang-steamed-bun-singapore so I had tried their famous King Size Crab Roe Dumpling bun.Is Yu Garden the same franchise as Nan Xiang Steamed Bun which originated from Shanghai? I will need further investigation. But I will just rate my experience based on food.Pork and Crab Meat Dumplings  ($4) was tasty. I love the fried dried shredded scallop on top. Nice flavour. The wrapping though a little thick (good in a way that the soup would not leak out from the dumplings)Spicy Meat Sauce Noodle ($6) was meh. Dice stewed pork, dried bean curd, potato with noodle in soup. I did not finish my noodle... Decor is classy and nice.Servers speaks a mix of Cantonese, Mandarin and English. Menu beautiful prepared with photos. Ordering would not be an issue.I would be back and try out other items on the menu especially the Crab Roe Steamed Bun that one would need a big straw to drink the soup.
3 Brewers though is a franchise but maybe the only Brewery Pub in the area.Disclaimer: I was lurked in by the promise of free tasting of every single beer on tap and a neighborhood beer which is unique to each location.Since it just opens yesterday, everything is new including all the staff. Excited and eager to please.Great spot to come for a pint or 2. And of course some snack too!Neighborhood Beer is Postal Farmhouse Ale (Richmond Hill)
Back here again with a group of Yelpers for post UYE event.Service was surprisingly good and polite. A huge improvement compare to my last visit!I tried 2 of their desserts and some of their tea. The desserts was ok, I expected to be a little better as it is call Dessert Kitchen?!Not a good place if you want to hang out and chill a little with your friends as it could be busy with people waiting for tables... I don't mind coming here again if there is no queue for a table.
I am excited!I love Izakaya Tsuki's North York location  http://www.yelp.ca/biz/izakaya-tsuki-toronto and I am glad that they decided to open up another location up in Richmond Hill!Opens till 2 am 7 days a week  as I always have midnight snack/drinks attack and kind of bored going to my usual Cheap Chinese places or one of the franchise restaurants/lounges.The staff here are friendly, attentive and polite. I would leave that to my Yelp friend to comment on that as I was busy drinking my sake and trying to take some photos of my food.We shared:Ankimo - Steamed Monk Fish Liver ($9)- Since I cannot eat foie gras all the time in Toronto, I would settle for monk fish liver-  Texture was smooth and just with a little fishinessMaguro Tataki ($14)- Not the best maguro but a dish with interesting texture and taste- Love the mixed greens on the side, I need my veggie sometimes!Buta Negi Shio Yaki - Grilled Pork with Mustard Mayo ($10)Okunomatsu Kinmon ($22.99)- Not every sake is available on the menu and there are definitely a good choice of quite a few sakesI know I will be back to Izakaya Tsuki to have a draft beers or 2 when I am looking for a late night spot to chill out a little.
3 star with 0.5 star for excellent serviceLunch Special at Sushi Aoi is decent with selection of both Korean and Japanese offering. I really enjoy their friendly and attentive service.Sushi Lunch Combo B ($14) with 9 pcs of nigiri sushi and 6 pcs of maki sushiThe fish varieties was quite good. The California maki roll though was rolled really loosely. Just beware there is no wasabi in any of the pieces. As this is more like a Korean than a Japanese sushi restaurant.The waitress was really nice and even offers me a spicy crab hand roll to try. And of course I was so full after eating all these (salad, soup, noodle).I would be back for lunch and try out some of the cook dish next time.
Lucullus Bakery not only has Chinese pastries and Western cakes but it has a good lunch specials too!!For $4.16 you will get a decent lunch/with a drink. The choices are pretty good. But they are all pre steamed so you can get your food in 3 minutes after you order! Talk about speedy services!The minced meat I ordered was quite ok. Reminded me of something that my mother used to make.. (yes she is not a really good cook and she always overcooks my meals) The HK style tea are all premade in a warmer... I have to give it a -0.5 star because it is really strong and bitter and she did not put in enough cornation milk. Usually I prefer places that don't make them all in the morning... imagine how their tea will taste like in the evening.The reason that I am giving Lucullus Bakery a 4 star is because of the Durian pastry ($1.50)! Yes it is so good!! The outer shell is so flaky and light and the filling oh yum yum. Yes it is real Durian inside... (yes I am a durian fanatic even my dog loves the smell!)I will definitely be back for the lunch specials and then finished it off with the durian pastry and I will be so happy!Cash Only!BTW, love their Egg Tarts too!
It is so hard for me to get desserts at Full House Desserts. I dropped by too early that they are not open!I dropped by and they suppose to be open but they are not open!Finally I drop by they are half open! It is a Saturday night at 9:30 pm. All the tables and chairs were stacked together. No one in the front cash. Half of the metal railing was pulled down. Oh they said they almost sold out of everything and they are closing soon! hmmm.. Just take out and with limited choices.I am a huge FAN of durian. Yes I know it is smelly to some one i.e. my boyfriend.. but I just love the smell. I have to admit that my dog loves that smell too! When I start eating  my Sago with Durian and Mango ($6.50), my dog was really looking at me with hungry eyes and want to have a share of that! Yes it is delicious, and the durian meat inside is huge meatball sized. (BTW, durian being the King of Calories in fruits are all forgotten!)The nice lady said I should always call before I drop by because they close/open whenever they like or when they sold out!.. That is so so encouraging!
2.5 StarCame here during Soft Opening and the experience was a little disappointing.I have been to the Golden Horse Restaurant location in Markham numerous of time and though it was not the best but at least a consistent 3 star experience. I have to admit I was a little excited when this location opened up as the interior is more spacious and not as dark as their first location. But I guess there is a price to pay for that? Everything is more pricey than the original location and one of the most expensive HK style cafe in the area.Their set dinner starting at $13 or so. And it is a fried rice with soup and drink. A bowl of Beef Brisket Noodle without drink is $7.75. And if you want one of those Sizzling Hot Plate Dinner is $20.99 and up.I don't mind paying if the food is amazing but what we ordered were quite standard.Cordon Bleu Pork Chop ($13.25)  and Buddy Minced Pork Noodle ($8.25) both as a la carte were so so. For the Cordon Bleu, some better sides should be offered instead of just plain boiled unseasoned broccoli and spaghetti/rice. Service was lacking as the servers were busy eating their own dinner. I have to wave them down furiously to place my order, ask for sharing bowls/plates and even to pay for the bill.Maybe my conception of Hong Kong Style Cafe as restaurant where one can get good food at affordable price is no longer valid? I doubt I would be back again as there are so many restaurants in the area that has much better food at more competitive price.
Everything is just so slow at this Eggsmart's location.Cubano Ciabatta - Provolone, Peameal Bacon, Sliced Ham, Pickle, Tomato & Lettuce with Dijon Bistro Sauce served on a Ciabatta Bun- the better of our brunch.. Eggs Benedict with Peameal Bacon- Fail both in taste and presentation. Hollandiaise sauce just crumby with the egg yolks overcooked and tasteless.. the eggs just look pathetic.Both sounded delicious. Our food took a long time to arrive.. I definitely suggest not to come here for lunch if you are in a rush. Wait and kitchen staffs both got overwhelmed.
Talking about consistency! I have been to this Keg for years and I have never have a disappointing experience!Service is always good and friendly. My steak always cooked the way I like and if there's any issue, the staff is always happy to have it redone.Special requests always fulfilled with a smile: less salt, sauce on the side, more vegetables instead of starch... I love their dinning room in this new location: more spacious, have more lighting and higher ceiling.Yes, I will be back.
My Wonderful Kitchen under new management with a different Chinese name 大公館 and a revamped menu. We were here for lunch. The food was decent and service was excellent. Menu selection though less than before but still good enough so everyone would find something they like.Not a bad option if you are in the neighbourhood.
Dropped by here to meet a friend for a quick breakfast.  I have to say I have an ok experience since the setting here is cozy with private booth seats.. free WIFI.. ok food...But everything here is so cold....don't have that little bakery family runned feel to it, which I really enjoy. I just feel like going into a MacDonald or something. But at least I can drink my coffee from a mug not a foam cup.I might come again but it will not be a place I will hang out too often.2 star but 1 star extra for free WIFI without access code!They accepts all credit cards!
Oyaji Sushi did a good job to give this location which used to be a Korean restaurant a brand new look. I love the deco and a lot of tables have partitions that give me a lot of privacy.Lunch Special has 18 items to choose from with a good mix of Korean and Japanese dish and of course sushi and sashimi starting from $8 that includes miso soup and salad.#9 6 pc Sushi with 3 pc of Spicy Roll and 3 pc of California Roll ($10)Maybe because of the cold weather, I found I was still really hungry after finishing my lunch. The sushi is one of the smallest size I ate. Small piece of fish and where did they get such a small shrimp? Tuna was that funky looking pink colour. The roll though was quite good.The side includes garden salad, seaweed salad and glass noodle salad.Service was friendly and efficient. Either wave the staff over or just ring that bell by the table.This review is based on sushi alone, so I will need to come back and try out other cook food option and specifically the Korean dish. Will definitely do an update after that experience.
Akane Sushi replaced Gal Sushi (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/gal-sushi-richmond-hill#hrid:IGzihCfV3RYY_5fy-mpFJA/src:self). Nothing much has change, since the "New"  Korean owner just stuck the new name over the old one.. and now they ready for business!! Menus has been reprinted. It changed a little but the lunch menu is similar as before, but there are a lot of new rolls available (see photos). I was the only one here for early lunch as I got quick, fast and friendly services! The Sushi and Sashimi lunch I order is quite standard and taste quite fresh too.. and for $7.99 that includes soup and salad is an excellent value! They have all day specials Bento box for $9.95... so even if you cannot make it for lunch, drop by for dinner and give it a try!
You will be really surprise how busy this place can be during lunch hour.They specialized in Vietnamese beef soup noodle and curry. I always order either the small size Tom Yum beef noodle soup or if I have 2 person then we will share a medium size. The broth is really favoured, not salty. Their small size is equal to a medium at other restaurants. Service is fast and prompt! And the price is great!BTW, no lunch special... is the same menu for the whole day...Please don't sit near the little opening where the wait staff pick up the food. You will have a view of the kitchen..(which I prefer not to see).CASH only!
This review of The Marlowe is based on the Savour York Region Special $25 dinner menu.3 Courses for $25 sounded like a good deal? But if you comes with an empty stomach, you would leave hungry unless you stuff yourself with the dinner rolls. The dinner rolls were warm and really tasty.Appetizers:Caesar Salad/Organic Green- I could not believe how small they are...... I hope it is not their regular order- fresh and crispy thoughMains:Short Ribs Braised in Red Wine/Baked Tilapia/Crusted with Lobster and Crab Meat- Short Ribs was rich and tender - Tilapia was so so... I was a little disappointed because as fish is their speciality??Dessert:Crepes with Ice Cream/Chocolate Mousse- I would not have order them again... remind me of some home made dessertsSide order:Mussels in Tomato Broth ($10.99)- That's was the best food of the night. The broth was nicely flavoured and mussels were quite fresh!Would I go back? Not Really? For a drink? Maybe? Definitely not for their food!
Why am I here at Archibald's Pub yelping away?Free Wifi? Unsecured with OK speedBeers? Granville, Caffrey's, Stiegl and few others, limited but decent selectionsWings? Half priced Wings Wednesday - stay away from Cajun as it tasted like shake and bake a salty version!Football game with cheering fans? Great sport bar atmosphereA little noisy and a little dark.. maybe it is better to just chill and drink instead of yelping! Why am I yelping in a bar anyway....Our waitress is nice enough to check on us often, keep the beers coming!!Flies season? Should I be eating fries? Why am I being attacked by flies?!
2.5 Top 1 Seafood BBQ Bar Restaurant is trying hard and have some identity issue.Decoration here is playful with a mix and match of Asian and European flare. Lighting was dark and bar like during lunch hour made me a little confused as I stepped in thinking I went to the wrong place? The lunch special menu did offered me some comfort.3 items to choose from ($8.95 and up) or you can opt for the Mix and Match Noodle Set ($8.25).My Cold Noodle ($8.95) comes with a gooey tofu egg drop soup, a spring salad and mango pudding. The noodle dish itself though plentiful but a little bland in taste.Mix and Match Noodle Set is A-OK with a choice of dessert. The honey yam was meh though.Almost all the dish has a little work of art as part of plating. They were kind of cute.Top 1 might be one of the most lavishly decorated Chinese restaurant in the area but in a little awkward way. The washroom has those high end Japanese toilet seat that would do everything for you...... I am still little confused after my initial visit to Top 1. I am not sure if enjoy the experience or not? Would I be back? I am not sure... and confused?!
I have not been to any AYCE hot pot for ages!! I do have an A-OK experience at Hipot Hot Pot Restaurant.Love the hours they are open.... yes till 2 AM! Great to have a midnight snack after Karaoke, Clubbing and Elite Event...For the after hours there are 2 menus for you to choose from Beef ($12.95) or Seafood ($14.95). The Beef selections only have the plain chicken soup as a spicy loving person in order to upgrade one of the soup based to satay there is a surcharges of $4. The Seafood selections give you 3 soup based to choose from and have a platter of shrimps, oyster, mussels and enoki mushrooms.The Satay Soup base is pretty good, has a lot of flavours and a strong taste of satay. Cannot comment on the Thousand year old eggs with parsley soup base since I did not have any.The food wise I found them quite fresh.. nothing were frozen solid and all have good presentation. The 2 oysters were sizable. The thing I love are the freshly made meatballs.. not those one that from the package,There is also 3 desserts to choose, we opt for Herbal Jello and Mango Pudding both taste A-OK.The only thing is you only allow 1 glass of sour plum drink.. if you want tea there is an extra $1.50 charge... Maybe since we come late at night and the restaurant was not busy at all, Me and my clothes did not smell like Satay or I been cooking in the kitchen the whole night. The service here is cold and efficient. 10% tips has been added to the bills automatically so make sure you don't double tipped!
I went to Ichiban Fish House today for lunch.The chefs are Japanese however all the waitstaffs are Chinese. I guess because it is located in a Chinese mall so they decide to hire Chinese speaking wait staffs?I ordered the Sushi box. It came with salad/soup/2 little piece of tofu/shrimp & vegetable tempura/8 pcs of sushi.I personally find the sushi to be just ok.. not much different than the AYCE quality. The tempura though is really tasty! It has 2 shrimps, 3 pieces of vegetables. The batter is really nice and the shrimps are fresh! one of the vegetables is an piece of apple...that is quite different than the usual.The ice cream is small but it is cold, solid and not melting!! I really don't like where places served ice cream that are half melting when they bring it to your table or there are little ice crystals inside.Next time I going to try the Sashimi combo and something different... Yes I will go back again!
I like how Fresh Burger is keeping everything simple and try to do one thing really well..Burger!I love how my freshly grind daily in store from AAA Sirloin burger was cooked perfectly. Cooked through with no pink but still juicy and moist inside. The bun was nothing fancy, but the toppings were all fresh and I can tell that my burger was cooked to order with care!$7.99 combo includes Hamburger with Cheese, Fries and Pop, which is really reasonable. The fries though was freshly cut but was a little over cooked. Give Fresh Burger a try if you are in the area. A small owner/chef burger joint that still passionate about the food they serves!
I love their dumplings!! Especially the pork and chives steamed dumplings! I think they make this dumplings 2nd best aside from Deng Tai Feng.The price is really good too! a lot cheaper than Asian Legends and Deng Tai Feng..The Pork and Chives Dumplings are $3.99 for 10! They are freshly made.. and the skin is so thin and soft. One bite and your mouth will be splashed with the great tasting soup! They are not oily or salty at all! The steamed twisted buns with condensed milk on the side are $2.50 for 2. Freshly made and steamed... really satisfied my carb needs!The lunch specials mainly rice dishes.. startiing from $5.75 that comes with sweet and sour soup or soy bean drink.Services are always  nice and friendly... A good place for me to practice my Mandarin! :)Cash only!
This is for sure if you want a quick fast lunch!I usually order the same thing.. the wonton and beef with rice noodle. This is a good place if you don't want to look at pages and pages of menu in order to decide what you want to eat. Since they only serves wonton/ fish ball/ beef, with rice noodles/noodles/vermicelli or no noodle. in soup or no soup with oyster sauce.The wontons are big with all shrimps no fillings... so if you loves shrimps you will enjoy that!! I love the hot chilly sauce a lot though!! I think I am here to eat the chilli sauce instead of the wonton...A word of warning, if you come during busy lunch hour that is weekdays and weekends, you will have problem to find parking! and you will has to share table with others when it is busy. (And you never know you are sharing a table with me!!)BTW, don't even think about lingering for a little R&R after you finished eating. Your bill is placed on your table right after you order and you has to go and pay at the cashier...and the efficient wait staffs would has cleaned out your bowels and plates the minute you finished eating!
Location! Location! Location!Yogurty's made an excellent business decision! It is located right in front of a high school. Bring the sweet and dessert to the high school students and they would come! I picked the perfect time to visit Yogurty's as around 3 pm this place was FULL! Full of teens stuffing their face with froyo. And even all the staffs here are young, really young....10 selections of froyo from low fat, non fat, non dairy and the toppings are as interesting too...When I was enjoying my froyo and listening to all the teens talking about school, boys and girls... it was definitely a different experience.......... Did I look out of place between them??
Lobster 5 ways!  Really?  I can prepare a Lobster that many different styles?!Thanks to all my fellow Yelpers for their support, I can finally try Omei's "Famous" Lobster 5 ways.Along with a Group of 12 hungry Yelpers, we able to order 2 huge Lobsters that weight 16 lbs together. What a feast!- Steamed - Stir Fried with Maggie Sauce - Deep Fried - Fried Rice with Brain- Steamed Egg Custard with BrainThe steamed method was my favourite as it really enhanced the freshness of the lobster. Maybe I am a perfectionist or I am just on diet!After we all feasted on the Lobster, then we were presented with 5 different kinds of desserts:- Purple Red Bean Sweet Soup- Green Bean Taro Sago Sweet Soup- Mango Mochi - Deep Fried Egg White Chinese Souffle- Black Sesame Balls - that looks like eyesWith great food and awesome companions, my Omei experience here is definitely a 4 star!Please just order Lobster here or even the King Crab if you can afford that.Just stay away from other cook dishes... I am warning you now! Pro-Tips:- Bring cash, you may get a discount- Make a reservation, as this place is busy- Ask owner to sing for you, extra entertaining- BYOB, maybe for some food pairing?*3000th review all made possible by the help of the Yelp community, without my fellow yelpers I would never have a chance to experience what I had at Omei and other awesome places!
Second location of Shanghai Dim Sum in Scarborough.This new location is way more spacious than it's older sister and offers similar menu.Noodles with Soup and Peanut Paste ($5.99) and Royal  Dumplings ($5.99) were good but not too memorable.  The presentation of my dumplings looked sad and they were a little too big and overcooked that's why they all looked deflated!Service was fast but maybe too fast. The waitress was picking up my tea cup trying to wipe my table while I still sipping my tea....No lunch special and Cash only!
Another place where you want food that are cheap and decent!I was there for lunch today. Their phone never stop ringing with people placing order for take out.There are quite good choices of Cantonese food set lunch and dinner that comes with beverage starting from $4.99.The waitress was really helpful told me lunch special that was on the chalk board. I decided on the the 3 balls (fish, beef and cuttlefish) in noodle soup and a coffee.It was sizable and has vegetables too!! Makes a great lunch!The service is prompt and friendly! I would definitely goes back and try other things on the menu!CASH only!
Mr Congee serves more than Congee, just want to get that out of the way.The menu is really extensive. A step up from Congee Queen as they even offers fresh lobsters and fish that are still swimming in the tank.Here you do get value as the portion size is huge. Make sure you don't order too much! But you can always have leftovers as lunch the next day.The quality of the food is quite standard in a good way. And everyone would find something they enjoy.The interior is spacious and well laid out. High ceiling and comfortable seating. I would be back again for a late dinner (closes at 11 pm) or even afternoon tea special when I am in the area, There are not too many good decent restaurant in the area so Mr. Congee would be doing well.
Newest McDonald's in the area! Love the newer design. Tons of outlets everywhere to charge up whatever gadgets you have. 3 large TVs, maybe it is not a bad place to watch some LIVE sports.And of course Free Wifi!Waiting for your numbers to call to pick up your food is not a bad idea and hopefully the system would be faster after their grand opening madness.
Deer Garden, a Vancouver Based franchise just opens their first location in Ontario.Specialized in fish broth based rice noodle soup and other Hong Kong Style Cafe offerings is quite decent. The menu is not as extensive as what they offers in BC but is a good start.Noodle Combo ($8.25) with your choice of  Soup Base, Noodle, Toppings and Drinks. My Choice : Original Fish Soup+Rice Noodle+Sliced Beef+Fish Tofu+Milk Tea was good, didn't wow me though. I found the fish broth is a little watery and light. Portion is good as a snack unless you add some more toppings ($1.25) or order side dishes. Side dishes are $1.75 each and you can pick up to 2 .Side Dishes: Pan Fried Sausage Slices w/Honey and Desert Wings with Ginger. The chicken wings are good size and meaty and I do love ginger!!Aside from Noodle, there are also other options: sandwiches, snacks and steamed rice.Steamed Rice Combo only offers during lunch and dinner for $6.50 includes a drink. Steamed Rice: Minced Pork Cake on Rice can make anyone that loves rice jump for joy as there is 2 full bowl of rice in an order. Vegetables & Mushrooms in Fish Soup ($5.95) was also a good choice if you want to eat more healthy.Deer Garden is a good choice if you want something light and fast. Nothing here is too fancy or over $10! The vibe is young and full of energy, I can see it will be a popular place for young people to have a quick bite or to hang out.Cash Only!
Sapporo Sushi was not good on my most recent visit.The Bento Sashimi and Sushi ($14.95) was really really bad... The sushi are so small like miniatures and the rice was hard and chewy!When I saw the Beef Teriyaki ($8.95), I could not stop laughing as they were just cold beef reheated slightly on a table grill.. they were cold, tasteless and chewy, great with the cold and hard rice on the side.I guess I am not coming back any time soon....
I should get a little worry or should I be really afraid?A brand new St Louis Bar Bar & Grill just open up in the plaza right next to Moksha Yoga RH!!This evening while practising on an empty stomach in a heated room, all I think about was an iced cold beer and hot like hell wings, and would the Leaf going to win tonight's game!Service here was amazing. Friendly and polite.The restaurant itself is small and cozy with enough TV so no matter wherr you sitting, you would have a good view.A Lb of their Hot As Hell Wing and Perfect fries went so good with my Mill St Organic.PS the manager opened the door and welcomed me in and the bartender really personal... made me feel right at home!I will be back....anytime
Kim Po Vietnamese Restaurant has been around for over 10 years in Times Square up at Richmond Hill.Recently they did a total renovation and they ripped out all those old decoration (faint European mosaic ceiling/french courtyard style decoration) and replaced with modern/chic/simple decoration. I do like the new look a lot better!!I ordered the lunch special with House Special Pho (small), spring roll and a hot drink for $6.95.The noodle arrive quickly served in this tall chic round bowel. (the bowel is so tall I felt like I am steaming my face.. and of course I smell like the broth after I finish eating :8 )The noodle is the dried type but prepared properly without that funny taste in it. The broth is really clear and quite flavoured. Extra marks for the tendon, soft/melt in your mouth type! I usually hate eating tendon..and today I felt like having more!!!Spring roll is the real vietnamese type! Nice fat spring rolls with the crunchy wrappings! The fish sauce is a little weak..too watered down though.Lunch Specials all for $6.95 and seems to be really popular with the office people in the area!The service is quick and friendly! They accepts Visa and MC for over $20 without 5% surcharges.
All these hype about Marathon Cafe's winning Milk Tea maybe hard to understand. This newest Marathon Cafe in Richmond Hill though is one of the nicest Hong Kong Style Cafe to chill...It operates more like a self serve coffee shop where you order and pay for your food, pick up your drinks and the food will deliver to your table.This location is a lot more spacious than Scarborough. +0.5Free Wifi! and Chinese TV program for you to enjoy.Food is so so and with a limited menu. I wish my tea is served in a real "HK Milk Tea Style" cup...Milk tea quality can be a hit or miss... since the winner is not really at the counter and make that winning tea for you when you visit! Cash Only!
This is the first time I ever eat at Bayview Court even though I been driving by it numerous time! (Ok, I ate here because the Malaysia restaurant across the street is closed and I want to yelp about some restaurant)There were only another table when I went in on a Monday late afternoon. The service is fast. I tried to stay away from the oily food like stired fried and deep fried as per previous yelpers complained about the amount of oil. I ordered a  home made fish ball rice noodle soup which suppose to be a Chiu Chou Style food.There are 5 fish balls and 4 fish slices. The fish balls are quite tasty, yes they tasted home made, not like the ones I got from a package in the supermarket. The size of the noodle is nice..just perfect. But it does not taste like Chiu Chou fish ball noodle as there are not garnishes like perserved "winter" vegetables or seaweed..The menu does have a lot of varieties and the price is good. I guess if you come with a whole group of people, this place is a good choice since there are something for everyone.No lunch special!Cash only!
Haru Japanese Restaurant located right across from World Bowl where Cafe 28 used to be.The set up is similar as before with a little bit of facelift which is much needed as the old deco was quite dated and depressing.I could not review them based on their lunch special as it is only offered till 2:30 pm Monday to Friday. I got here at 2:45 and had to order from the regular menu.Sushi & Roll Combo ($14.95) - good balance between portion of rice and fish and they all bite size- shari rice cooked well with nice bite- fish selection though boring with 3 of them being Salmon, tuna was not of the freshest kindPortion though small but really nice for the chef to comp me a Salmon hand roll which was the best part of the meal. The seaweed was oh so crunchy!Service though was really green. My waiter is like a high school kid trying to be professional. I wouldn't say is bad but he kind of freak out when I asked for the lunch menu after my sushi, kept telling me I could not order from it! I reassured him that all I want was just check it out...There are also some Korean items in the menu if you do prefer that.I will be back for lunch special to try out their Korean offerings soon.
That BBQ pig heads and all those duck heads really makes a great photo opportunities! When we arrived at almost closing time at Kum Hong BBQ Restaurant.. not much choices left.. all the Roasted duck was gone... 1/5 of the roasted pig left... and some BBQ pork.Customers lining up trying to get some takeout to share with their families.. or in our case, we just too lazy to cook... BBQ Pork is A-OK! Good mix of fat and lean pork... a little salty but balanced out with a hint of honey. 3 StarRoasted Pork is one of the best I have. Skin still perfectly crisp, and that crunchy sound that it made in my mouth is just priceless!! The pork itself is nice, tender and juicy... hmmmmm... 4 StarI think we will definitely be back if some one doesn't feel like cooking a full meal... and it might be next week!!Service here is fast but indifferent... but who cares?They accepts Cash only!
Scaddabush really needs to work on their service and have better training for their waitstaff.Last time when we went there for dinner, the service was so slow and unattentive.Waitress always missing in action as she was busy socializing with a table of regulars. All we wanted was just to ask for the bill and leave. And it took 15 minutes. And the funny thing was she asked us not to be mean to leave her bad comment for the online survey.
This is the third Touhenboku Ramen location I have been to, so I kind of know what to expect. I have kind of glad that Touhenboku decide to open up a location up in Richmond Hill as it is not easy to get a decent ramen up here. I am though kind of disappointed that there is no special deal like they offers in other locations. Last time I got a beer and ramen lunch special for $12 at their Queen Location. And there are always periodically specials in other locations. But here nothing?!Oh aside from that 2 bowls of Red Ramen for $16.80 special on that large chalkboard right on top of my head? Maybe I should have order that? A sign that the portion is small that I could have ate 2 bowls?!Red Chicken Broth Thick Noodle Sea Salt  Pork Belly ($10.50) was perfect as a snack! My single "sheet" of pork belly was fatty but paper thin. This must need special technique to able to prep that! Noodle wise it was cook well with a touch of chewiness. Chicken broth not as oily as pork base which I found it A-OK.The interior is bright and modern. Ultra mininalist and clean. Service is efficient with waitress fluent in Mandarin and English.Hopefully there will be some special offers in this location soon. Ramen & Millie Crepes? Ramen & App? Something? Anything?!
I visit Saigon Star again because of the Pho-bruary. This review is regarding their Pho.I can tell Saigon Star did not put in much effort in preparing their Pho at all. There is no depth in their broth at all. Just some soup based laced with MSG. There is only 1 size $6.50 for the lunch order. I would said that it is a medium size when compare to other restaurants. The noodle is fresh noodle. I have a piece of lemon instead of a lime....I have to say this Pho is a Cantonese version of vietnamese food. My advice is NOT to order Pho if you go Saigon Star!
If I just rate the services and the staffs, it is the best I had experienced from all these AYCE hot pot restaurants. 4 star! The staffs even asked me how's the food sounded like they care...Food... Food is their problem... The "Hot and Spicy" Szechuan soup base was pathetic. There are no peppercorns... nothing really hot or numbing. They just put the bottled garlic and chili as the main ingredients....We had the Fatty Beef and Seafood set ($21.95). Don't order the Seafood platter... for extra $5 really doesn't worth it!! The mussel and surf clam are both really rubbery... and the oyster on the small size... Our first round of beef looked pretty good but when the second round the beef has this deep dark red colour... The vegetables not too fresh and definitely not wash properly...I can go on and on and on..... Though it is open from 5 pm to 5 am, I don't think I want to come back again.... BTW, how come there's no lobster!! *10% service already added to the total bill* Accepts Credit Cards payment
Apron Cafe is a welcome addition to the neighbourhood. Located right at the plaza next to T&T Weldrick is quite convenient if you doing some Chinese grocery shopping in the area.The interior is clean and spacious with 2 huge TV showing CP24 and Chinese variety programs respectively.Menu is quite standard with breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea and all day specials. Great for a cheap meal as most of the options are under $10 which includes soup, main and drink.Portion size is quite good and the ingredients freshly and prepared with care. my Baked Spaghetti with Meat Sauce ($8.50) was a little bland but the borscht was loaded with vegetables!Will definitely be back to try out other items. Afternoon tea starts at 2:30, great as a late lunch!Service was exceptionally friendly and attentive. +0.5 starCash Only!
Pho Tai Bac is a good option if you want to have some decent Vietnamese food in the area. Bun Bo Hue was good! I like that they really have all the toppings including blood pig cube. I would come back for that and of course now Katelyn T mentioned Banh Cuon!! Hopefully it would be available next time when I visit!Service was fast and friendly. Note to owner: please kindly wipe the washroom doors.. it has hot sauce and other yucky stuff on it.
When I stepped inside Premiere Ballroom & Convention Centre, I was really impressed! The high ceiling, huge room and the lavish decoration. The wait staffs all dressed up in their little french maid uniforms, the nice table setting, the interesting menu that offers some unique items...I have high hopes for their dim sum, but I left totally disappointed!!Milk Egg Tart with Bird Nest ($7) - the fillings are nicely done but the pastry shell are soggyHar Gow ($4.90) - One of the best item, the wrapping has a nice chewiness and shrimps fresh and have a nice biteCrispy Chicken Gristle ($7) - tasted stale and feel like been sitting around for awhile, the batter has no seasoning at all anyway!BBQ Pork Puff Pastry ($3.90) - A -OKBitter Melon with Salty Egg ($5.95) - A-OK, but served cool...?Chiu Chow Dumpling ($5.90) - squid ball with fish wrapping, great bite but the broth a little too salty for my tasteDeep Fried Durian Puff ($4.90) - filling is generous but the puff all soggy, not freshLamb Dumpling ($4.90) - no effort in seasoning the lamb resulted in overwhelming gamey taste! FAILShrimp & Veggie Flour Roll ($4.90) - Over steamed the wrapping Deep Fried Taro Dumpling ($3.90) - one of the worst taro dumpling, the filling has no taste at all! Mochi with BBQ Duck ($4.90) - fillings are good and tasty but they over steamed the mochiOn a busy Sunday afternoon, all the dim sums arrived like a couple minutes after we placed our order. It is NOT a good sign! I really doubt they steamed them when ordered like some of the places I been to! So not surprisingly that a lot of the food tasted over cooked or have been sitting around under the heat lamp for awhile.I doubt I will come back for dim sum even with their Early Bird Special!!
This location inside Hillcrest Mall is a combination of Chatime and Bake Code. Here you can get both Taiwanese style baked goods and drinks.My Roasted Milk Tea with Grass Jello is quite consistent with the other Chatime I had been to. With no line up on a weekday evening with just 1 customer aside from me, I ended up waited 5-10 minute for my order. I just wondering how it would have been if it is busy.
Thai Basil, Sweet Basil, Thai Basil Kitchen... Sometimes I really confused which one I been to.. which one I hate... which one I would recommend... Thai Basil is another new Thai restaurant that opened up right across from Restoran Malaysia, hint if there is a hour line up at Restoran Malaysia maybe you can just hop over and try Thai Basil instead. Thai Basil suppose to be a second location from the successful location down at the Annex http://www.yelp.ca/biz/thai-basil-toronto Lunch Special starting from $6.95 is from everyday till 5 pm which is great for late lunch. If you ask me if the food is authentic Thai... from my few visit to Thailand and my experience of Thai food, I have to say no... What is lacking then?? The spice and the herbs and the freshness of Thai cuisine that's what it is lacking... Pad Thai with Chicken Lunch Combo ($7.95) - Tom Yum Soup that comes with the lunch combo is one of the better one I have in Toronto... thick, with hint of coriander and mushed tomato... tons of chili pepper flakes inside and is really rich in taste... definitely not the water down version or the ones from the supermarket's Tom Yum paste - Spring Roll was quite good... has a lot of flavours and nice and crispy - Pad Thai, on the other hand, was not up to par. Too much sauce makes it really soggy and oily... and it is not as good as the photos definitely not as good! The taste is really one dimension and on the salty side. The Chicken though is white meat was tough and dry... Services was not too bad...efficient but you have the feeling that the waitresses wish they are somewhere else.. somewhere nice and warm where people bring them drinks instead of the other way around! They accepts Visa and Mastercard!
Ming Cuisine is a higher end Chinese that opened up recently in Richmond Hill.The restaurant though smallish but nicely decorated. Love the blue and white theme instead of all those glittering gold. Lunch Special $8.99 includes soup, spring roll and a noodle/rice dish. There are snacks and sides for around $5 which is great to share.Since I arrived for a late lunch, their usual double boiled soup 炖湯 was gone but replaced by fish maw soup which was good and supposed to be healthy too.For main I ordered  Rice in Lotus Leaf 秘製荷葉飯. It does take awhile to arrive as they all made to order. The portion is huge!  Great to share.Definitely worth coming for lunch. The special order menu can be quite interesting. Just make sure you call for reservations!
Free Fresh Popcorn +0.5 starI think there is confusion with the set up with this Green Grotto Tea Room compares to others. I walked in on a Tuesday afternoon before the High School Students in the area arrive, so the place was empty. There was no one greeting me or anyone in the dining room area to tell me should I have a seat or should I order at the cash at the front area?Apparently, they have a 15% off for takeout order and if you choose the dine in option, you won't get the discount but you will have your buckets of popcorn.Hot Formosa Bowl ($6.99) looks so good and pretty in the menu. But when the waitress served that to me this huge bowl of black muddy thing, I almost want to say I did not order that!! Portion is huge with no complaints but the jello was a little hard not silky but I do love those black QQ balls, so chewy.Munching on popcorn and reading magazines and right at 3:30 pm, 10 High School Students came in and all tables ordered the same bowl, so I guess it is quite popular.Will I be back? Maybe. As there is not many other options in the immediate area. I will probably stay away from ordering "real" food as there is more a "fast" food place.
AYCE hot pot? My father's eyes lighted up after I told him that's where we heading for dinner... an early dinner...Kim Tao Hot Pot has Senior Specials which further gave him that little twinkle in his eyes... and for all he know is that he can eat more than me but pay less than me, that's definitely a bargain.I am glad that we arrived early on a Sunday evening at 5:30 pm the place was empty and we got all our orders quick and fresh. While I enjoying my handmade balls: fish, beef and cuttlefish, my father ate 3 rounds of beef....... The services did go downhill when the place started to fill up..... but by that time, we were done eating and ready to leave.I'll be back to Kim Tao Hot Pot with an empty stomach... ready to eat!!
Dropped by Turtle Jacks on  Wednesday during lunch time... had no idea what I want to eat or what I should be eating.....Then I saw the Wednesday Beer and Burger Specials... so for $13.99 you can pick any burger on the menu (of course I won't be eating the basic one...) with a pint of domestic!!I usually try not to drink before sunset, especially the day after an Elite party! But I am weak, I just could not resist a special...so be it! Let's drink beer!Jalapeno Jack with Beer ($13.99)- The patty was a little charred but not bad, at least the inside was not dry- love the side choice of fries, salad or soup, which I choose the chicken gumbo to go with my spicy burger!Services was good and professional.Free Wifi and other specials every day! I might need to come back for the Happy Hour Specials : 50% off appetizers!!! and of course other drinks special too everyday!
This is the 2nd location of the popular BB Cafe in North York. I have so much faith in this cafe as I even recommend my friend to visit even before I have a chance to come here.It is a step up from their Original location. Nicer deco, More spacious and even more seating! Get the Persian Black Tea ($3). The presentation and the cute looking cup and teapot really enhanced my experience! Get the Rollet ($3.50). My Vanilla Pistachio roll was just so good. Get the Saffron and Rosewater Ice Cream ($3.50) to go. Oh so Creamy!OK, just get everything... they even have a whole cake!Free wifi access but seems there are not too many electric outlets on the ground floor. Free parking behind the building, the entrance is just south of the cafe.I will be back!
3.5 starCome to Abruzzo Pizza for the food... Don't take your date here if so she will be disappointed.. Abruzzo is located at a strip mall... surrounded by mattress and furniture stores. Since it is in Richmond Hill, at least I don't have this seedy feel. 2 areas of the restaurant, one is for pick up and the other area for sit down lunch/dinner. The sit in area is more basic remind me of a cafeteria set up... On a Friday afternoon... for late lunch, this place was quite busy.. There are at least 3 cars with the Abruzzo Pizza signs on their roofs going in and out of the parking lot doing delivery! Vince Special Pasta Fusilier ($12.50) - includes Italian Sausage, Mushrooms, Zucchini, Fresh Hot Peppers, Garlic and Light Tomato Sauce - Filling and hearty - the Italian Sausage is really lean remains me of Chinese preserved sausage... and it is not salty to my surprise Abruzzo Special Pizza Small ($13.50) - Consists of Tomato Sauce, Cheese, Pepperoni, Mushrooms, Green Peppers, Bacon & Onions - The crust is thin but not dried... still have this oh so good I am eating carb feel - The ingredients are generous and yes and filling! I cannot say Abruzzo Pizza is authentic Italian pizza... but is a good option compare to other chain pizza joint!Services here is efficient and friendly... a good family vibe! I do have a feeling I am eating at one of the pizzeria down at Little Italy instead all the way up at the Burbs!! Open for lunch only from Tue - Fri. They accepts all credit cards!
Have been here a few times before. Prices are good but they are starting to really skimp. I ordered the signature noodle which is a bowl of soup noodles with two wontons, two fish paste and beef. When they first brought the noodles I thought this must be a joke. The beef were these little bits that looked like leftovers. I asked about it as I had ordered this many times before and the amount of beef was never this sparse. Somebody whipped by to look at it and 10 minutes later I was told that's the usual amount. I don think so. Won't be back.
I ordered a few things from their catering menu for a bday party this weekend. I have never been here to eat before but decided to give them a try based on some of the Yelp reviews. What I ordered:Meat lovers  and vegetarian party pizza - both were very good. They didn't skimp on the toppings which I liked. I would have preferred if they made their crust a little thinner but overall it was pretty good.Calamari tray - everyone really raved about this.  The calamari was cooked just right and not too chewy.  The batter wasn't too thick and the two sauces that came with it was delicious.I would definitely order from them again for my catering needs. They are a little on the pricey side but you do get good quality Italian fare.
I'm always on the lookout for a good pizza place. I came on a Friday night for dinner. The wait wasn't so bad (15 minutes) as there was only the two of us. The restaurant is a bit small so if you are planning on coming with a large group it would be best to make reservations. I had the Caesar salad which was just ok and the fried panzerroto with mushrooms and green olives with a side of meat sauce. The panzo was a decent size and really delicious. My hubby got a pizza with anchovies, tomato and basil. It was pretty good but the panzo was definitely better.I probably won't be back for dine in but would consider getting takeout. The parking lot is small and it was a bit of a pain trying to find a spot. I'm still on the search for a holy grail pizza joint.
A middle of the road sushi joint.  Prices are just okay and I would have to agree with a previous reviewer that the quality could be better.  We ordered the medium combo sushi boat and while the salmon tasted pretty fresh there were other pieces of sashimi (like their red tuna) that didn't.  Quality is inconsistent.  They also have a lunch menu available Monday-Saturday which was reasonably priced.  The place is just okay.  I wouldn't make a special trip to come here though.
This is definitely a no frills dumpling house. Food is good and the prices are right. We ordered the soup dumplings, steamed and fried  pork and cabbage  dumplings. Everything came out hot and fresh. Pretty good place if you want to get your dumpling fix. Parking can be an issue as the plaza can get busy on the weekend.
Great place to go when craving pho! The restaurant is in the same plaza as T&T so there is a large parking lot. Service is fast and friendly and the place is very clean. I ordered their house special pho which came with rare beef, beef balls, tripe and tendon and the broth was delicious! I will definately be back!
Delicious West Indian food!  Both the jerk chicken and the boneless chicken curry roti are amazing.  The hot sauce is HOT.  It's made with ghost peppers so there is a lot of heat.  The owner is a really nice man and gave us recommendations.  They also have different off-menu items every week so be sure to ask!  Great place to go when you are craving carribbean food.  Parking can be a bit of a headache as they don't really have their own lot so you will have to park on the street.
I love this place!  It's a bit of a hole in the wall but the price is right and the portions are decent.  The fish is always fresh and the service always friendly.  I usually get either the salmon bento or dinner special 1.  Both of which are very good.  The spicy salmon hand roll that also comes with the meal is my favourite!!!  Parking here can be a bit of a drag though.
Delicious authentic Taiwanese food.   No stinky tofu smell when I went.   I had the minced pork rice combo.   Good menu selection. Reasonable prices and great location, although may be hard to find parking during busy hours.  Very friendly staff.New hours open till 10 pm (closed on Wednesdays).  Can't wait to try other dishes!
***3.5 stars ***We had buffet lunch here at The Host.  I had lived in the area for years but this is the first time I tried it.  I thought the selection was nice, though not as big as Chinese buffets (it is also less expensive in comparison).  I really enjoyed the tandoori chicken drum sticks and fish curry, but did not eat the naan as it was burnt on one side.  The temperature of the food was good and was well presented.Overall a wonderful Indian buffet.  Service was friendly, nice seating area, clean washrooms.  Will visit again!
I am here tonight for the 10pm late night special ($14.99).  They also have Beef menu for $16.99 and Seafood menu for $18.99.The food selection here is wonderful.  Much bigger than most hot pot places.  It does not have my favourite - quail eggs, but includes unlimited drinks (plum juice, ice tea) and rice pot (spare rib, sticky rice, pork patty on rice).  They also have handmade beef/pork/fish balls.  The soup base is the usual with optional specialty soup base for extra $$.The service is virtually non-existant.  Not sure if it is because it's after 10pm or maybe because our table is hidden from view.Great place to try if you're looking for a large selection of hot pot menu items.  Will return with a bigger crowd to try out the rest of the items.
Love this place!  Nice selection of food and is open late till at least 2:30 am every day!  Food here is pretty good.  They have the usual Cantonese food and snacks including bubble tea.  I've tried the noodle soup, rice dishes, dim sum, sushi, bakery, bbq pork, all are pretty tasty.  We were here today on a weekday at 1 am and the restaurant was still pretty busy which makes it great if you are concerned about safety eating out late at night.   Service is ok, great location and it's just so convenient to come by for late night dinner/snack when everywhere else is closed.
Marathon Cafe is known for their award winning HK milk tea.  So I was pleasantly surprised when they opened up in Richmond Hill.  Today I ordered a Ham Omelet combo. They were kind enough to make a custom omelet for me as I had asked if they could add onions/green pepper inside to make it less boring.  I am unsure if I had to pay extra but my total came out to $5.40 after taxes.The food came quickly.  The omelet was a bit hard though, the onions were slightly undercooked, the toast was the non-HK type which was hard and not soft/condensed.  Did not try other items on the menu so I cannot comment on overall food quality here.Marathon Cafe is different than other restaurants as you need to go up and pay for your food before sitting down.  The place is clean and nice, the staff was very friendly especially when compared to their Scarborough location.  There is free wifi and LCD TV's showing chinese programs.
I am here again for a relaxing late night healthy meal.  I used to live in the area and would visit very often since it's one of the few good places around that are open till 2 am.  After all these years they still have great food and desserts.I was told whenever I have a sore throat to come here for Assorted Herbal Tea. It's bitter but guess what it really works!  Drink it right when your throat starts feeling itchy.  Instant relief that works much better than those sore throat candies.Tonight I ordered :Great Soup Combo B  $13.50-herbal essence soup-noodles in soup w/ steam chicken wings-coconut pudding w/ purple riceThe food was wonderful as always.  The soup noodles doesn't have much taste by itself so add in the veggies and eat with the chicken wings.  The soup and dessert was delicious as always.The waiters are quite attentive, I remember short changing the cashier one time and he said it was ok.  Like many chinese establishments, this place is cash only.Will definitely keep coming back here when I feel like having a healthy meal!
Ordered the Banquet Burger and Big Breakfast.  Burger was delicious (fresh off the grill) and breakfast was good.  The home fries were cooked well this time.
I enjoyed this hot pot place.  I passed by it many times but this is my first time trying it.  I went for late night hot pot (starts at 10pm) which is now $18 per person.They advertise AAA beef which is nice.  The food was good quality, they have quail eggs which is my favourite.  For some reason there is no thousand year old egg in my soup base which is strange since it is advertised on the menu.  Maybe they ran out.  The soup was quite salty.Overall service was good, seating wasn't a problem.  Comes with dessert mango pudding or egg custard (warm).  It does not come with free plum juice though, only included for dinner.
Loved the variety of banchan.  I have been here a few times and the food is very good.  Today I am having the Omelet Rice (made with purple rice).  There was so much food I had to take the rest home.  The prices are average and service is good.  Would have liked more variety of food on the menu (I didn't see any dishes under $9.95?) I miss NourishU, an Asian fusion restaurant which used to be here.
** Note : 100 Degrees Hot Pot is now CLOSED since Aug 30th **The food here is excellent.  I have been here several times.  Today I am here for late night hot pot.  $17.99 for weekend/holiday adult late night hot pot.Prices for All You Can Eat dinner :regular dinner:  $19.99children under 10:  $10.99children under 5:  $6.99Add $2 for Fri/Sat/Sun/HolidaysThere is lunch special for $8.99 from 11am - 5pm.  But this is NOT All You Can Eat.  Choice of soup base, up to 8 items, noodle, plus chrysanthemum tea.I always choose the Cilantro & Preserved Egg soup base.  They also have Clear Broth and Satay soup base.  Choice of Plum Juice or Chrysanthemum Tea (both are cold).  This is one of the few hot pot places with quail eggs which I love.  Staff is friendly and they speak english.  The restaurant is clean and at a good location.  Good ventilation so you don't feel sticky afterwards.Also free wifi, although it wasnt working today.  They used to have breakfast but not any more.  Note : 10% service charge already added to the total bill.Some specials they have from the advertisement card I picked up :Monday - Seniors (65+) 20%Tuesday - 4 persons = Complimentary Slice of Cheesecake Factory Ladies 10% offWednesday - Tom Yum Soup BaseThursday - Fresh Fanny Bay Oysters  $12.99/dozen
I used to live in the area, and unfortunately the pho here isn't too great.  The soup was mediocre at best, the noodles were the flat thick kind, and meat was so so.  Sorry, would not recommend this place for pho.
Best curry fish we've ever had!  We came here looking for good caribbean food and we were not disappointed.  Jerk chicken, curry chicken, and the ox tail was so soft and yummy.  They were a bit on the spicy side but if you're looking for authentic food this is the place to be!  Can't wait to try out the other dishes.
Restoran Malaysia is a popular Malaysian restaurant which has been around for a long time.  I've been here a few times, the food is excellent especially the milk tea which they do very well here.  I've tried several dishes and they were always prepared nicely.  It's a bit expensive though for the amount of food you get so if you're a big eater you might be disappointed.  Because it's popular it can sometimes get pretty busy.  I remember during peak hours on a weekend when we had to wait 40 min for a seat.  Parking is ok, and service is good.
Good place for a quick and delicious bite. Its self-serve; you order at the counter and they call your number when its ready. All their meats are well seasoned; very flavourful; exact same menu as the other locations. My favorites are: kofta (cheap and delish), half chicken, and sultani (both barg and kofta). The dinner platers come with salad, meat, generous portion of rice, and fresh naan. Carbs and meat overloaded! Be prepared to drink tons of water after your meals as you will be thirsty. Free water available at the counter, just ask. Fast and efficient service. It gets way too crowded during dinner rush and parking may be difficult in this plaza
My review is only based on Dim sum experience. This is one of the best dim sum restaurants that I have been to. You won't be disappointed with the quality and freshness of dim sum dishes. Dim sum specials are Monday to Friday only (exclude stat holidays) between 9am to 11am, any dishes size S/M/L are only $3.1. Cash only ***My hubby and I came on a weekday. I wanted everything on the menu (nom nom) but we managed to narrow down to 8 dishes which were a bit too much for two people; we were stuffed and came home with leftover; bill came out only $31!!!!- Har gow (steamed shrimp dumplings): huge fresh shrimps, no filler, shrimps have a nice "crunchy" texture to it. - Sui mai (steamed pork dumings): large portion, super meaty and equally delish.- steamed beef tendon: yummy sauce. If you like tendon then this is a must. For people who never had it, tendon has interesting texture kinda like "fat" texture, but actually very low in fat and high in protein. - deep fried taro with quail egg: very oily; the first 2 bites were delish then the taro nest fills you up fast. Probbaly won't get this again.- steamed rice rolls with veggies and shrimps: the rice layer is nice and thin, however, I didn't like the combination of shrimps and snow pea tips (I like them each separately but they don't go well in a rice rolls). I'll stick with the BBQ pork rice rolls next time. - deep fried sticky pork dumings: it's fried and oily but totally worth the extra calories, so yummy and chewy. ***Desserts: Deep fried durian pastry puffs are MUST (well if you like durian). This is definitely my fav; they smell amazing and taste just amazing. Warm sweet creamy durian filling inside and flaky on the outside.- we also ordered Steamed taro glutenous rice balls with nuts. I didn't care for this, too much carbs and not enough flavour. They charge $1.3 per person for tea which I didn't mind as a lot of chinese restaurants start doing that now. This restaurant is nice and clean; actually has real table cloths (unlike most dim sum places with their thin cheap plastic table cloth). Service was sufficient and nice. Be warned: 1) this place is insanely busy on weekends. You most likely won't get a table if you arrive after 9:15am for dim sum (they open at 9am). While the dim sum is really good, I don't think I would want to wait 45-60min for a table. 2) parking is very limited here; be prepared to park far away and walk.
Delicious and cheap wonton egg noodles. Staff was very friendly and service was super fast.The wontons were huge with big shrimps inside. Egg noodles was nice and thin. Soup was flavourful.Best 5 bucks ever spent, definitely will come back
This is a small Korean restaurant located inside Richlane plaza. Food was very standard and similar to other Korean restaurants. We got a family combo for 3 which cost around $70; kinda pricy IMO but this combo was definitely more than enough for 3 people. It came with bulgogi (cook at your own table), a family size noodle, family size noodle soup (cook at your own table). Bulgogi was tasty and plentiful. Noodle soup was too salty for my liking. We also ordered the sizzling beef short ribs to share; can't remember the exact price ($16-17?). This was just okay. Complimentary side dishes are nice and you can ask for refil if needed. Overall, it was an okay experience, nothing to rave about. Likely will return if im craving Korean food and happen to be in the area.
It's a small little restaurant that serves mainly ramen noodles. Please note they only take cash or debit. No credit card.Appetizers were just okay, a little disappointed. We had gyoza (small portion and a little burnt),  pork cutlet (decent portion and standard; I would get it again), squid balls (forgot the actual name, it tatses very "processed" and very small portion; I wouldn't recommend this). Spicy ramen with little dried shrimps in the broth. You can customize the spiciness level (1, 2, 3). Broth was flavourful but I wish it was hotter (temperature hot i mean). My friend had Tonkotsu ramen; she thought it was decent, nothing to rave about though. Overall, Ramen noodle soups are average to good. My hubby had pork cutlet curry on rice, large portion. Hubby enjoyed it. Overall, average to good ramen noodles, friendly service. I would return if I'm craving ramen noodles and happen to be in the area.
My review is based on our lunch Rodizio experience on a Friday. They offer all you can eat lunch for $25 Mon to Fri which is a great deal. There are fewer meat selections at lunch but it's still very good value. Selection includes:  Picanha, Top Sirloin, Chicken Wings, Garlic Steak, Leg of Lamb, Pork Ribs, Pork Sausage, Chicken Legs, Pineapple. And you get the self serve salad bar; and  unlimited warm and delicious cheese bread and deep fried banana pieces upon request. The steaks were well seasoned, good flavour; goes well with their hot sauce. We liked top sirloin, picanha, and lamb. Chicken wings were quite tasty too, didn't care much for the pork sausages. Grilled pineapple is a nice palate cleanser, very sweet and cinnamon-y. Too bad they don't offer ice cream at the salad bar, or that would go so well with deep fried banana pieces and grilled pineapple.Overall, we had a great experience, well seasoned meats, good service, nice ambiance, clean restaurant. We would come back.
Okay place for Vietnamese food.Good place for a quick bite, reliable good , okay quality not great, quick service
Nice selection of appetizers. Sashimi tasted fresh. Sushi is just okay, not a big fan of the purple rice as it was falling apart
I don't know if the food is authentic Malaysian or not; (I am not a Malaysian connoisseur) but we had a great experience. We came for dinner on Saturday night, restaurant was packed but we got seated within 5mins. Staff were friendly and food arrived quickly. Food was full of flavour; I liked the Penang noodles (thick rice noodles with eggs and shrimps), and chicken curry with roti. Food tastes so much better than the descriptions on the menu.I can't wait to return to try other dishes.
Friendly family run restaurant , top quality sushi and good service. It's a tiny place so it can get pretty crowded during dinner hours, so come early. Good place for a quick bite, not a good place to sit and hang out. They give you free green tea ice cream at the end of the meal.
This restaurant serves Chinese vegetarian food. Menu offers a large variety of dishes from plain old veggies, mock meats (chicken, shrimps, Fish, beef) to dim sum dishes. As others have said, restaurant is quite dated and seating is quite tight. 5 of us were squeezed in a 4 person table at the back near the kitchen so it was not very comfortable. Food is standard; some dishes are a bit greasier than others. Dishes are fairly priced. Overall I would come back if dining with vegetarian friends or craving meat alternatives
This restaurant has a large menu, lots of different selections (lots more options than Papa chang). One of their famous items is deep fried smelly tofu which was served with picked cabbage and sauce; we enjoyed it. Deep fried popcorn chicken combo which comes with 3 side dishes, soup, fruit, and winter melon tea for $11.99. popcorn chicken was delish; rice was too soggy for my liking; soup was cold & salty; side dishes are just OK; winter melon drink was surprisingly good. It was a nice change from all the usual Chinese restaurants in the area.
We got a Groupon for afternoon tea for 2. If you want a weekend reservation, make sure to book a few weeks ahead as it's a small place.Service was very friendly and accomdoating. Pastries were quite tasty. Macaroons were quite good.
Another chatime location. It's located inside Hillcrest mall; always has Bake code pastry at this location. They have the same menu as other chatime locations but there's no seating area at this location. Good for take out drink and walk around the mall.
Cozy little place for desserts or a quick bite to eat if your in the area. They have soup, salad, sandwiches, and savoury crepes available. We didn't try these savoury options.My review is based on sit in dessert experience. Mocha drink was delish and nicely presented. Cake slices are around $5-6 each. It's a small place with just a few tables. Service was friendly. Will be back when I'm in the area
Hubby and I came here for a quick dinner; had the Tradition Lanzou beef noodle (number 1 on the menu), beef brisket noodle, and sesame pork burger. Portion is small; large noodle soup is not very large and its $8.5. You generally will get a larger portion at most Chinese restaurants for that price.Hand pulled noodles were alright; kinda expected better. Noodles were "stiff" and hard. They were skimpy with the meat: there were very few thin slices of beef in my noodles. The pork burger/sandwich was bad; boiled sliced pork drowned in salty hoisin sauce. It was very salty and grease and lacked flavour. We each took a small bite out of our halves, and left it behind.
The highlight of this this place is that they make mozzarella and pasta fresh on location daily.We both shared a mozzarella appetizer. A lot of yelpers raved about the Burrata (infused with honey and truffle cream) so we decided to give it a try. It was just okay in mind opinion, not worth the $13. I likely won't get it again. It's only worth about $8 IMO.The fresh pasta dishes were quite delicious. We had Pesto pollo and Capri. We were happy with both dishes.I also had the peach mango bellini (their signature cocktail) which was quite delish. It's only $7 on Thursday for the Bellini's Overall: 5 stars for service (fast, efficient and attentive)4 for food quality 4 for price
I had a craving for Shanghai dumplings so decided to give this place a try. The soup dumplings (xiao long bao) were delicious as previous yelpers have mentioned. Be careful not to burn you tongue when biting into the XLB. We also got the beef rice noodles.Overall, happy with the food quality. The only down side is that it may be hard to get parking here during dinner hours
It is a very average Indian buffet. The selection was quite limited for lunch. Naan was quite dry today (not sure if it's just a one time thing). Goat curry was so so; the goat was not very tender.  Butter chicken was decent. Food was mediocre, passable for buffet standard I guess. I wish the selection was better though. The highlight was the freshly made Jalebi (deep fried pretzels soaked in syrup). They make it right in front of you.
We came here for lunch. Ordered specialty pizza and a panzo to share.The Panzos here are HUGE and delicious. Fried option is much better than baked (worth the extra calories). It goes well with a side of dipping sauce. We really enjoyed the panzoThe specialty pizza was not up to my expextation today. I had pizza here before and remember it was better. Today my pizza was soggy. The bacon was still white and soggy. Service was ok; food took a long while to arrive today. Loved the panzo and disappointed with the pizza. Traffic is bad in this area during rush hours. Will give it another try when I'm in the area in the future
Overall 3.5 stars.We came here for dinner with family. This place gets really busy during dinner rush; had to wait a while for a table. We ordered a number of dishes to share. Portions were large.- Curry beef brisket roti: this was one of the fav dishes of the night, even my little nieces loved it. Roti was nice and fluffy and not overly greasy; we had to order a second roti. The curry was a bit too salty for my liking, but everyone else liked it.- Spicy beef rice noodles (Bun Bo Hue). This is a popular Viet noodle soup. I am Viet and found that the noodle wasn't quite authentic. I wouldn't get this again. - Beef satay noodle soup; beef satay served with soft Pho noodles and peanut. I enjoyed this, very flavourful and I loved the Pho noodles. The small size is quite large.- Pad Thai: comes with shrimps and chicken; decent portion. It was just alright, not bad but not amazing. Very average pad Thai.- Pineapple fried rice, comes with shrimps and  little chunks of grilled lemon grass flavoured chicken. Fried rice was quite tasty but the little chunks of pineapple could have blended in a little better. We did enjoy this dish.Overall, decent food, large portion, affordable prices, service is typical asian standard (which means don't expect much service). I would come back
Finally an authentic Vietnamese restaurant in Richmond Hill. This is the best Viet restaurant in the RH and Markham areas; owned by Vietnamese people.There is a good selection of different things on the menu. Beside the menu items, they have "specials" hand written on the walls. 1) Spring rolls: 2 rolls for $4. Their fish sauce was quite good; not overly salty like some other places. Spring rolls were small but we'll stuffed with meat. 2) Banh cuon (steamed rice rolls, on special menu written on the wall): was on point. This is my fav viet dish and not too many restaurants offer this so I was very excited to find out they do serve that here. The skin was nice and thin and stuffed with minced pork; served with veggies and fish sauce. They come in 2 sizes: small or large. Yum!!!!3) Pho: authentic; broth was so good; I couldn't stop slurping it. Decent amount of noodles and meat. And price was a bit cheaper than other viet restaurants.4) Bun Rieu (tomato based noodle soup): also another item on special menu. Broth tastes home made; I enjoyed it; however, it could use a bit more meat.We ordered four items which was a bit too much food for two people but we wanted to try everything on the menu. Bill came out only about $30. This restaurant is a bit out of my way but definitely will return for more authentic Viet food
My review is only for non-sushi items. I will return for the sushi dishes at the next visit.My hubby had the pork cutlet udon noodles with curry broth ($1 extra for curry broth); it was delicious and portion was large. I had the seafood ramen, spicy broth. Ramen was tasty and the broth was delish.I really enjoyed the Aged-dashi tofu appetizer. It outer shell was nice and crispy while the inside is soft, fresh tofu. You get 4 large pieces for $5.Our friends had sushi and said that it was fresh.Overall, we enjoyed the food; price is decent (not cheap but not too crazy expensive). But I had to knocked off the star because of customer service. Service was lacking; there were 4 of us and we did not get served at the same time. My noodle was brought out first and it was almost cold by the time my friends got their food. And the 4th person didn't get her sushi until we were more than half way through our meal. The server did not look happy when I asked to kindly check on my friends food.
3.5 stars.This restaurants offer lunch specials daily 1130am to 5pm. Lunch specials come with spring rolls, small soup, and an entree for under $10 which is a good deal. We had Thai green curry; not amazing but it's very decent; average to above average. We also had the Basil chili fried noodles with minced pork. The Basil rice noodles were quite delish, nicely spiced and aromatic with basil; I didn't care much for the minced pork part. I wish they would offer this stir fried noodles with a different choice of meat.Lunch specials were decent deals. Will come back if I'm in the area.
This is a standard chinese restaurant. Don't expect fancy decoration or amazing service then you won't be disappoointed. They have a wide selection of food to choose from; quality is quite consistent. Food sually arrives quickly after ordered which is a big bonus. They have set menus for groups that is well priced and good selection. Last weekend our family got the set menu with 10 dishes for 10 people for around $200; it was pretty good for the price. The set menu came with wide range of dishes (chicken, pork, fish, lobsters, veggies) and generous portions that were more than enough for everyone. They have very cheap breakfast and afternoon tea (3-5pm) on weekdays.Overall, consistent and reliable quality of food, fast and efficient service.
When it comes to wings I recommend all stars!They have hundred of wing flavours to choose from, they literally have something for everyone.They also have a lot of other great menu items,One of my favs is the thunder burger, chicken, beef pattie and bacon!! I usually get the wings I try to mix it up every time I go. My current favourite is pucker up baby Lemon pepper seasoning, garlic powered and hot sauce. I love the lemon taste in it its so good.Pandora's box is also another really good one and of course is their famous ceaser does Texas which is pretty popular especially if you really can't decide.The place has a lots of tv and one at every booth which makes it perfect to watch whatever game is on.  Also For birthdays they give you a cupcake and a candle.
I'm gonna be honest, if it was my first time here id probably write a bad review but it isn't my first time so I can't. A couple years ago Swiss chalet was the perfect place that really 'hit the spot'. It was good chicken , the best fries and bomb Swiss chalet sauce. The right place for the family to come together and eat a nice meal together without hurting the wallet. But somewhere down the line things went wrong and everything seems different. The chicken is still okay the sauce too but the quality of the fries are so much worse now. My experience today: As soon as we sat down the server came over with butter and ketchup I don't know why since we haven't opened the menu yet. All she said was "can I get you something to drink "Some servers are good some are not so good.Also when we got our food she also brought the bowl with hot water and lemon.The food was as it always was just okay .
I just want to mention this is my 4th visiting this location.The very first time I came here close to when they opened up, I was very very impressed. That might they had a DJ and the vibe was really casual and inviting. The service was bomb and the food was great and we were very happy. One of the other visits was for my boyfriends birthday and we were a group of 10 people. Once again food was good, service aswell maybe just a couple fix ups here and there and one of the pizzas were just a tad burnt. On another visit, we were a group of 6 girls and they gave us a really nice booth perfect for pictures and the best view of the restaurant. Everything was good except the service was really slow. Recent visit: Valentine's Day for early dinner. We didn't reserve but they didn't seem busy at all and we noticed a lot of staff were not that busy aswell. We were greeted and we had a pretty good booth.  Once we made our order it took awhile to get to our table and our mains took about the same amount of time. The food was great as always. ORDER THE FRESH MOZZARELLA ITS SO GOOD. We noticed however that the 3 tables near us have had dirty plates on them for almost over half our stay and finally someone cleaned it up. We joined the scaddabush social club and received $10 off. The prices are pretty reasonable and they have different sizes for most dishes. The best thing about scaddabush is the atmosphere, most tables have candle light and it's so nice and romantic and easy going from top to bottom the decor is spot on. The bar looks really nice too, just chill and have a drink.
Okay so right off the bat there are so many little things this place can do to make it so much more attractive. There service and food really does resemble fast food places. In my opinion they are pricey for the food they give. The meat is always good but the salad is such a huge disappointment. I can't even call it a salad its lettuce and tomatoes and onion. The meat is good but they should lower their prices slightly. the naan was not traditional naan its just bread. They just started serving salmon now and that was pretty good. the hot sauce is good but it has a much different taste then other hot sauces and is pretty mild. I came here a couple months ago and found a hair in the food so they made another one for me and gave my money back.overall this place is good if you really are craving bamiyan kabob and nothing else.
This was my first time trying wonton soup, I loved it !As soon as we arrived we sat down and a couple minutes later asked us our orders and no more than 1 minute later our food was on the table. So right away I was impressed. The place was not that busy when we arrived but within 10 minutes most tables were filling up.Everything on the menu is a great price very very affordable. The noodles and soup were decent nothing to complain about and the wontons were pretty good I loved the shrimp inside. I did add the spivey sauce they have on the table which made the soup a lot more enjoyable and I have to add - a little goes a long way- This place also has self serve tea Overall this place is fast and is great for if you want something satisfying and fast and inexpensive to eat.
I come to nandos to eat a couple times a year because they have really tasty chicken and good peri- peri sauce My boyfriend and I ordered the double leg chicken plate and garlic bread with salad as well The chicken size is a lot smaller than other chicken places but flavour is so good , they have different hotness levels and they all have great flavour. We got glasses of water but the glass had so many water spots on it you would barely see through it. So I had to ask for new glasses. Our garlic bread was brought to the wrong table and because the table started eating it we had to wait for more garlic bread. The price is alright The place has a really nice atmosphere, nice decor  Service was alright aswell
Always drove by this place in east beaver creek and finally paid a visit They have really good drinks !!! We ordered the strawberry slush drink and taro slush drink and both were really good! The strawberry one had a really big strawberry flavour maybe a little too sweet. I preferred the taro drink to be a little sweeter and I asked for sweetener and added it, it was perfect.Onion rings and fries were basic nothing out of the world and they were a good sharing size We paid $1 to upsize our drinks and it's worth it. The service was good got everything we needed and was checked up on They have really appealing desserts aswell.The place is really big very high ceiling and overall big area Good experience.Also free wifi (no password)
Finally, a decent Korean restaurant close to home!Looking at the menu, nothing jumped out from the typical line of Korean food for me. Since I was craving for some meat, I had ordered the gamjatang (pork bone soup), and my cousin ordered the jajangmyeon (blackbean noodles) + jamppong (spicy seafood noodle). The banchan (side dishes) were red kimchi, bean sprouts, chives kimchi, katugi (radish kimchi), salad with thousand island dressing and seasoned spinach. The spinach and salad was a little bitter to my taste but the red kimchi served made up for it. I was a little disappointed in the taste, which was quite bland and bitter, and the lack of variety. (I might be biased since I love fish cakes and soybeans the most for sidedishes...) The waitress was friendly as she served our food, reminding me to be careful of the hot stew bowl. The pork bone soup was massive in size, nearly 4 large pieces and some potato, in which I was grateful for since I was hungry. The soup was flavourful, for the lack of a better word, and the meat was soft and juicy. However, it was missing a spiciness level to it. The owner explained to me that their soup is boiled for 24 hours, and the recipe is from the countryside of Korea. It is supposed to be not spicy but she said she could modify it with notice next time. Nevertheless, I was still impressed with the richness of it! The owner also added that the noodle in the jajangmyeon and jampong was hand-made. We jumped to taste it, and indeed, the noodle was extremely chewy. There was plenty of seafood, including mussels, squid and shrimps, in the jampong and the spiciness level was perfect to my cousin's taste. All in all, we were very impressed with the noodles. The service was friendly, and the owner was extremely helpful in catering to our needs. The overall price range was typical for a Korean restaurant. I noticed that they had a lunch menu, for weekends only, and it is a good deal! Would I go back? Definitely. The flavour is there and the price is right!
Really a 2.5 star - Mediocre Vietnamese food with service that needs a revamp. I've been here twice now, and I tried a bit of everything off their menu. With regards to Don N.'s comment, I have included an explanation at the end of my review. First, their smoothies are a disappointment especially at a price of $5.95! Trust me, I've tried three different ones (coconut, green, tropical). They look gorgeous and pretty in that tall glass but that's about it. There's only a faint taste of the fruit/flavour... sometimes it feels like I'm drinking ice water. Of the three flavours I've tried, the green smoothie was the best - I could actually taste the avocado. Their beef pho was decent (nothing out of the ordinary), and I found the broth a bit salty for my taste. Again, their spring rolls were good and crispy but nothing special. Off to some of the good things to try! - I like their shrimp chips which came with a satay style dip (yummy!). It was a good amount to share as an appetizer. - I also enjoyed their special nam style wings which came with a lemon black pepper dip. The wings were crispy and tossed with some bell pepper/onion. - Their rice dishes are plentiful, which might explain the higher price for it. I've tried the chicken one, and it came with two large pieces of chicken, rice, sunny side up egg and vegetables. As mentioned before, their service (slow and poor) needs a change. Food came out slow, with the exception of pho arriving within 5 minutes. Don't expect to eat at the same time. My friends were 3/4 finished before my rice dish came... We didn't get to enjoy our smoothies with the meal since the order didn't go through. I reminded the server of our smoothies and even then, it came after 10 mins and we were practically finished with our food. All in all, would I come back? Probably not, unless I'm craving those shrimp chips.---- Message with regards to Don N.'s Comment to this review ----I edited my review in order to include my message back to Don. This is because I do not want readers to misunderstand my 'two contradicting' review on Nam on Instagram and on Yelp. With regards to my Instagram and my Yelp review of Nam, I never provided any 'opinion' on my Instagram (on both occasions) other than 'feasting it up.' Yelp would be my first time providing a review  of the food I tasted unless you count 'feasting it up' as a positive feedback. So, I'm sorry if there is a misunderstanding with this aspect.Furthermore, yes, half my review covers the food that I received for free through your Instagram contest. However, I also had another full meal prior to that (drink, pho and apps) that I paid for. This was also reviewed - so my review regarding Nam would still stand for the smoothie, the pho, the apps and the service. As a practice of mine, I try places twice before I write and post reviews because I understand that hiccups (as mentioned by you) occur. ---- Message with regards to Don N.'s Comment to this review ----
- Dinner Review Only: 3.5/5 stars -I can't speak for lunch service and menu items since I have only been to Chi Star House for dinner a few times. Overall the Chinese entrees/dishes will satisfy your cravings. Big fan of their sweet and sauce pork, enough said! I love their 5 spice duck since the duck is very flavourful and tender. Typically you have to preorder the duck, and they will make 1-2 more ducks in addition to reservations. So if you're lucky, you might get to try this duck dish without preordering! I also love how they can cook 1 eel and serve it in 2 different methods. The first is steamed with black bean sauce. Again, very flavourful and the eel is cooked perfectly! The second method is fried with salt and pepper. The eel is deboned and there is a perfect crunch! It lost 0.5 stars because... it's hard to get service sometimes especially on a full night. You might end up waiting a long time until they refill your teapot. This place can get pretty packed for dinner, especially on the weekends, so expect the wait!
I came here for lunch on a weekday and ordered: chicken congee ($5.99) and clam fried noodles ($8.99). These were lunch combos so each came with a drink (typical choice of milk tea, lemon water/tea). The price at this place is very wallet friendly and has comfortable seating!However, I gave this place a two star due to the long wait for the food and the taste/quality. The clam fried noodles had absolutely no taste, and the clams were slightly undercooked with a strong saltwater taste. The congee was extremely thick (almost gloopy). The chicken was cut into large pieces with their bones - this might be a personal preference since I don't like finding small bone pieces in my congee. All in all, would I come back? Probably not...
I love this Korean tofu soup chain after trying it out at Mississauga and at Finch station. So I was extremely excited when this place opened up close to home! However, the quality of their tofu soup is definitely not the same as the other two locations. I've been here twice, ordered the kimchi version and noticed they were inconsistent with the taste! Still - they make better tofu soup than other Korean restaurants in the Richmond Hill area. Also, I like their hot stone pot of rice that comes alone with it and the side dishes (I'm a sucker for those :p). So if you're craving for Korean tofu soup, it's worth a try! Another good thing about this location is that there are no line ups/wait! (I know about the long wait at the Finch location.)
Affordable sushi close to home! Many people take out but my sister and I decided to have a sit down meal there. We ordered the small sashimi to share which is 20 pieces of sashimi for $20, a better deal than other local Japanese restaurants. Variety in the sashimi is lacking (as seen in my photos) since it was mainly salmon. However, as a salmon lover, I have no complaints! Quality was also there. So you definitely get your money's worth (and more)! I also ordered a California roll (6piece for $4). It was typical, exactly what you expected. They gave us miso soup as service. All in all, would I return? If you're feeling for sushi at home and at an affordable place, this place is a try!
My 3rd dim sum visit since opening... and I'm still not impressed with the food and the service. Maybe I had over expected the quality and taste of the food... since Yu Seafood presented themselves as this 'luxurious' and 'high class' restaurant but their dim sum did not meet this standard. They have limited dim sum - only one column (half side) of the sheet was dim sum and the other side was dessert, fried rice/noodles and entrees (like rack of lambs). Here are things I DIDN'T ENJOY: - Lobster seafood steam bun (L): This was extremely overpriced for 3 steam buns since the filling inside hardly had any lobster meat or even taste to it. - Fresh fruit napoleon (L): It looked pretty, and it came in approximately 3 layers of puff pastry with cream, mini strawberries and sliced kiwi. However, the puff pastry was STALE which is the biggest turnover for this type of dessert (and I even wondered if it was fresh... perhaps a day old?). - Scallops, egg white, king oyster fried noodles ($18): This is the worst Chinese fried noodles I've ever had! Although the scallops were a good/decent size, it didn't taste fresh with an almost frozen after taste.The noodles have absolutely NO TASTE and should be avoided. It definitely did not match the high price they charged. Here are things I ENJOYED: - Special BBQ pork bun (M): This was essentially 3 mini pineapple buns with BBQ pork inside. Overall, the bread was very soft, and it was very unique. - Steam pork ribs with pumpkin (M): Pork ribs was plentiful! They definitely did not cheap out on the portion, and every pork rib had soft meat. So there weren't pieces that were just bone or fat. As for service, for my most recent experience, the server did not engage us or even respond to us. When we asked for toothpicks for a table of 5, he gave us only 2 packets of toothpicks. Furthermore, when we ordered the big plate of fried noodles, the servers did not give us bowls to share which is very uncommon for Chinese restaurants. I tried getting someone but no one came, and in the end, I had to get up myself to grab bowls they had on the side. All in all, my most recent experience was a big disappointment and will make me avoid Yu Seafood for a while...
I've never had Hakka food before but it was absolutely delicious! I give the food a 4/5. But what I didn't like was the service as the waitress seemed a bit rude. When we first sat down she had heard us saying we wanted the Chicken Pakora & asked us if we wanted to order it now as it took 20 mins to prepare. However, we were still waiting for two others to arrive & didn't want to order anything yet. Then she kept coming back (2x?) to ask about the order. It was the attitude that was questionable. i remember the bill being dropped on the table, no smiles, looked pissed.... From memory, we had...Asian Garden Special Hakka Chow Mien - the photo in the menu looked better but still tasty.Chili Chicken - tasty and a little spicy. i liked this more than the chicken pakoraChicken Pakora - great w/ a little sauceShrimp Friend Rice - great for those who don't enjoy spicy foods. yum yum Beef Fried Rice - this was prob. my fav. there was a bit of spice in there and it really gave it a little kicksome other veggie dishIt only cost about $10 per person (for 6 ppl). What a great price ! They take reservations but you might not need it on any day except Saturday. Lots of parking.
3.5 stars. Loved the value and service. Hubby and I ordered the dinner special for two. The price was approximately $40 and we each got a lobster bisque soup, entree of choice from menu (I picked baked fish), mussels, small dessert and tea. The baked fish was excellent and fresh. It was made just right and I ate it all except for the rice which had to be packed home (generous portions). Mussels were super tasty. My hubby usually doesn't like seafood much but ate lots of it. HK style tea...can't go wrong there unless there is seriously something wrong with the establishment. Dessert was the typical hk style type dessert. Little sugar and boring as hell. Service was great. The waiter was very efficient and we got our meal very quickly. We will definitely be back again soon. Lots of parking in the parking lot.
Love it ! The chocolate cheesecake & vanilla macarons from this wonderful shop is to die for. The cheesecake is not too sweet, light & just seems to melt in your mouth :) Wish the portion was bigger. I ordered a medium for my bday but imho it was a tad small.. otherwise it was the best cheesecake i've ever had.Lots of the flavours for the macarons are excellent! Be sure to try the vanilla, expresso, purple (forgot the flavour). I'm not sure why but I prefer these macarons over the Pierre Hermé macarons in Paris, France. Going to order one of each next time!
The food was good here and the service was excellent as well. We had a simple dinner here (mostly fish, veggies, pigeon). We also had a piece of abalone each. I honestly thought it was just average though the sauce was good. The abalone was $19.99 each @@.... ! A tad insane imho. On certain nights though they are $13.99 but still..... ok maybe some of us need to have better appreciation for this delicacy.Yang's has lovely bright decor. Although there were a few occupied tables, the restaurant was generally quiet unlike ur typical early morning dim sum places. Good! I hate when it gets roudy.. can't hear a damn thing.I duno how... but our party had made a reservation & somehow it was ignored. We did end up getting a table of course but I'm not sure how that can be messed up since it wasn't even that busy when we got there lol
The food was about average 3/5 but I really liked the atmosphere and the service was excellent ! I booked about a week in advance via open table and had no problems. We were almost 30 mins late and they still had the table for us. Of course it was Sunday and it's probably busier on Saturdays. I ordered the mushroom risotto and thought it was tasty. The portion was quite decent and I ended up eating the whole thing (don't skip lunch what a bad idea). Was so full afterwards! My bff ordered the same thing but thought hers was too salty. My hubby ordered the pizza but I think they put too little cheese. He had asked for extra cheese... imagine if he hadn't. I would recommend this place if you have a large party. It's great going to places like these w/o having to travel all the way DT or midtown. Not sure if it's offered for a limited time? But if you let them know you're a first time customer, they might offer a complimentary appetizer. When we got the bill, they had a feedback survey for us to complete online & you can also get a free appetizer at your next visit. But remember not to fill it out until you're actually going cuz it expires in 2-3 weeks.Lots of parking.
Some good deals with the set dinners. I ordered the spaghetti bolognese ($7.99) & made it a set dinner (+$3, includes soup (choice of cream or veg), mango pudding, hk style tea). I won't bother w/ dinner at this place again. I've had better food for the same price around the same area. I always order the spaghetti bolognese at these places but this was probably my least favourite to date. My bf ordered  seafood pasta which he thought was a bit bland. Service was alright though.
OMG I don't know why I didn't notice this place until now... it is a bit hidden. But I'm now a fan. Staff were all super efficient. Their lunch specials are great. Next time I will take a pic of the revised menu. I ordered the Spaghetti Bolognese, which includes a soup (veggie or cream), & HK style tea $9.99 and had it to go. Portions were generous and it was super yummy! I always order this dish at HK cafes but not all are tasty. Not all restaurants include a soup either for that price. I will definitely be coming back to Papa George again for lunch. I will admit they could probably make the HK tea a bit stronger but otherwise everything else was awesome. My order was placed and wrapped and done in... 5 mins! Super fast and I still had time to go next door to prepare for my yoga class.
I was super impressed as soon as we stepped inside. The restaurant was so modern and chic. Was this really a Chinese restaurant? It was just beautiful, as well as very clean.Was here for dinner and service was top notch 5/5. They were super attentive. We were in a semi private room. It was quiet in the middle of the week and had the entire room to our group. However, the food was a letdown. Most dishes were just average and some things were a bit bland. Thought there was some famous chef here? Maybe it was his day off. I would like to come back for dim sum however.
Went here over the weekend. The price is quite good for all you can eat hot pot. They had two units for the restaurant with the washroom in only one of them. As a result, the wait staff was not always easy to reach. However, they were polite & fast.The restaurant looks a bit worn down (got sticky tables too) but the food was alright for the value & I haven't had stomach problems :) They also gave us free plum & ice tea pitchers & would fill it up whenever it was empty.Not too much variety for the dipping sauce though. Pretty much only soy sauce, peanut sauce, garlic.
About a 2.5. The whole time we were here, we were just thinking if only Chatime allowed us to sit down and have dinner.The only good thing seemed to be the decor. Service was very slow. It took forever to get our bill. The drinks were small... and even smaller if you think about the ice they had put in the cup! The kimchi fried rice was good and tasty but the chunks of kimchi could be cut up a bit smaller. Parking is usually such a hassle during prime hours but not too bad when it's late in the evening.
Lots of selections. I would definitely like to come back to try a bit more items. We ordered K01 Fried Taiwanese vermicelli with dried scallop & chicken. The noodles were a bit dry. Fried shrimp was tasty. Service was extremely fast (food arrived in 5 mins) and the waiter was pleasant and helpful when it came to what to order. I would love to come back for the baked spaghetti bolognaise... my usual favourite at these hk cafe type restaurants.
Great place for a big group. We came here for a friend's bday  and had a nice spacious dining area (could prob fit 12). Good also for families with young children/toddlers. Lots of stroller space. They were ok with us bringing a cake for the birthday girl... for which i was grateful.Our waitress was just average. She checked on us once and filled our waters once... but most of the time they were almost always empty. Maybe it's cuz none of us ordered alcoholic beverages and it was not worth her time.Otherwise, our dinner was alright. I had the chicken risotto. I thought the rice was only slightly watery but it was delish! I don't mind coming here again.
Yummy food but.... My pet peeve going to this location is the parking. With numerous restaurants around, it's difficult to find a spot during peak hours. I was surprised how packed it was on a weeknight....never mind weekend! The server/waitresses were polite.... however service was a tad slow.Food was good and great place for catching up with friends whilst eating not too healthy food :)
I don't know what happened.... I went back last weekend but was quite disappointed. I ordered the same thing from my first visit cuz I had a hugeeee craving for the fried rice again. But this time it was so bland...:( You know it's a problem when you feel you could make smth similiar at home. Heard the usual chef might've gone to the new location. boooo
Went here as a group. It was not bad. I have to complain though about their menu. CBCs & the rest of the non Chinese population ... must be so annoyed cuz the entire menu was mostly in Chinese. Not to mention lots of variety but anyhow thank goodness for the photos. I had to read ever so slowly...Fortunately the group was fluent so there were no probs ordering. Service was very fast. They actually brought a dish that we did not order (1/2 duck). None of us realized it as we ordered from the set menu. How can u get this wrong?The waiter later came by and said it isn't ours and if we want it we could add it to the tab. Sorry we aren't paying extra for your mistake. So he took it back to the kitchen. Makes u wonder if they are just going to recycle that to the next table ? They should've comped it for us since it was half eaten cuz now I just had to yelp about this :) The food was alright. I'm not a big fan of Chiu Jau style but its fine. I liked the soup best. The shanghai style noodles I thought was a bit undercooked. The fish ...my friends loved it but I beg to differ. It was prob because I am not a fan of Chiu Jau in general lol Price was def good.
I came here for the promotion around early December. Buy one get one free! Luckily they were also offering my fav drink for free. Two for the price of one! I gave them both to my good friend but I know the consistency of the drink itself is similar to other Chatimes.I only had to wait for two others in front of me. But it seemed to take a while and there were at least 3-4 staff on hand. Maybe they were still new? It was slow... probably about 10 mins. Staff was nice though but probably not nice enough to make me come back (cuz it is out of the way) and I detest waiting.Looked around the bakery area but thought the prices were too high. I'm sure they were delicious.
Not a big fan of meat but there was a lot of variety for all! We ordered soup, seaweed salad, veggies, ice cream (not much selection mango or green tea)Meat: We must've ordered everything on the menu... or so it seemed. Pork, chicken, beef, lamb, ox tongue. I highly recommend the ribs :)  Everything was marinated and very tasty. Seafood: The salmon was also great but I had to keep flipping it or it would get stuck on the grill. I also loved the mussels! yummm :) Plus it was easy to cook. Sushi: We also ordered some rolls (California & Spicy Salmon). They weren't that great but hey this isn't a Jap AYCE. They also offered other Jap food but we didn't try them. Grill: Can't help but admit I am petrified of it due to an incident long ago. But no burns thankfully :) Depending on what might have oil in it, the flames will be stronger.Price: The price was def. not too bad (meal, one beverage, after tax and tip our bill came to approx $28 per person). Attire: Do not wear your favourite sweater unless you want to smell like a BBQ grill or want to spend some $ at the dry cleaners :) Decor/Ambiance: Mod & clean. What more can u ask for? Service: fast & friendly. Someone always took away any used plates, filled our drinks quickly, etc. At times though they might not understand you. My friend asked for Red Bean Pudding and got red peppers for dessert lol Reservations a must unless you don't mind waiting at least 30 mins during peak hours. We will definitely be back!
Honestly the freshest sushi I've ever had and at a decent price. The people that work here have the best customer service even when ordering takeout. I will definitely be a repeat customer. They are so nice when your eating for takeout, for a hand roll to try while I was waiting as well as some hot tea to warm me up. The older women here is so pleasant, she even walks you out the door and holds it for you as you are exiting. And be warned!!  The size of the rolls are huge, the portions are massive!
Great late night stop, portions are a good size if you want to share with others. Take out is always quick, staff friendly many have been there for yearrsssss.Not the cleanliest place.
Went here on a Saturday night was quite busy every table filled. There's no service here they just dropped random things off at the table and yell thank u when u walk out the door lol as we were eating an employee was cleaning the washroom with bleach and the 3 tables around us could no longer eat the smell was so strong. We all started to chat to one another about the situation. One of spoke up and they closed the washroom door only helped a bit. There's an older Asian lady that works there don't ask her for anything she's super moody and completely rude and she doesn't hide it lol it's actually funny to watch. But I wouldn't want to be the table beside me that ordered no onions and still got onions. Once they told the older woman she just kind of stood here made a face and was like no onions?? No onions??? No onions?? She then grabbed a plate and tongs and tried to pick most of the onions from their dish right there at the table. So many onions her plate of onions was over flowing and the poor people still picking more out when she stopped. She must be the owner for sure. Because of this experience I happened to meet some great people being the tables around me. Portions here are smaller than the one on Yonge st and finch area. Same price
First timer... wouldn't say I would frequent much as it gets messy. We tried pretty much every seafood menu item offered. Don't get the shrimp appetizer just frozen shrimp. Large portion but not fresh seafood. Loved the whole crab I would go back and order a bunch of these. Mussels not that great they are the green muscles so they are most likely frozen. I would never order this again. Fresh shrimps not that great either, mushy Dungeness Crab and clams I would recommend. I wonder if they cook all the food in the plastic bags? Not very safe if they do. Boiling food in plastic bags... hmmmmm... Not much on service as they just drop bags off at ur table and don't really check on you. If your looking for an experience eat here you'll get messy and you will always remember eating here. It's like when your deciding on a family outing... take them here.Not an environmentally friendly restaurant. Everything they use in there goes straight to the trash, cups only plastic not even glass cups for a beer lol Plastic cutlery if u ask and plastic bags upon plastic bags. Maybe there is a better way this company can help the environmentI wonder if they even recycle all that plastic.
Fried calamari is a big portion but the size of the rings are so large makes it extra chewy and could use more flavour on it. I've had it twice now giving it a second chance. I'm a squid lover but next time I will pass. Tried the tomato salad last time could also use some more seasoning not a very flavourful dressing maybe add some salt and pepper.... Caeser Salad lacks seasoning as well in the dressing. It's ur average caeser dressing, defiantly not enough garlic in the dressing. Taste pretty much just like the mayo( oil and eggs that's usually the base of every ceaser salad.. The pizza though is delicious.. If your looking for that flat crust full of topping pizza go straight to the pizza menu! It's a cute place where u can watch the chefs make your pizza while you wait a long while for your take out. Wait is quite long make sure you call in your order for pick up. Service is lacking..considering it's always usually really good... lots of new staff .. updating my review... asked for the wine menu. Server came back didn't ask if we would like any wine just snatched it off the table and never came back. Eventually we got some wine. Never checked on us. After finishing our meal literally 30 seconds later we where just handed the bill on the table not with a thank u. And we had just ordered another glass of wine right before the bill landed on our table, can i take a sip before I'm kicked out? Lol And when we gave our cash we were asked do u want change for this? It's  customary not to ask and just always assume ur guests want change right?
I've eaten burgers all around and recently came across this place.... If your looking for a beefy tasting burger with a perfect bun that actually fits the burger and is toasted perfect every time and has just the perfect softness this is ur place. Best burger by far around these parts. There are many burger stops around here but nothing compares this one. The joes big burger is the one I get!!The prices are decent won't break the bank. The portions are huge and good to share if ur looking for a light meal. I am also a lover of tatziki sauce... All I can say is yum yum yum... If your a garlic lover this is a must have. The small container is never enough. And they make it with yogurt not like some places that make it with sour cream so you don't have to feel as bad eating so much of it lolOnly complaint is the wait time.... If u walk in an order u will be waiting a good 20mins for ur food. It's a good thing cause you know it's fresh but still the wait is a bit much sometimes. But this also being cause there are so busy ALL THE TIME!! Best bet call your order in for pick up! One last thing the fries are not the frozen kind also a must try!! Everything is excellent the chicken to mmmmm.... I could dine here every day! :)
Have been here many times... each and every time they are always out of the expensive stuff. Or if you order an expensive item they are magically out of it on the next plate. The have new menu items which also are out of on the regular. lol The service is not friendly at all, everyone has a pickle up their butt. Lol  Come here for the after 10pm special.Before 10pm it's not worth $25 the meat is so dried out it sticks to the plates you can tell it's been sitting for a longgggg while in the fridge.
Best Chinese food in the Hill.... Portions are more then enough for the price and the selection of menu items is beyond enough. Sometimes it's hard to choose which items to eat cause there are so mannnnyyyy delicious items. Mmmmmmm.... I would recommend this place to everyone. Servers could smile about more but they are very friendly and willing to help u if u don't know what something is on the menu. Just one thing they always have snow crab on special but every time it's "sold out" opsie!
This place is always a hit or miss.... Sometimes your food comes out perfect or sometimes it comes out burnt and over cooked both fries and burger. Same goes with the cashiers.... You either get the really nice one or the really miserable one. The miserable one has served me atleast 4 times now and she has yet to smile or be polite and if you don't order cheese or bacon on your burger your in for a dirty look lol customer service skills defiantly lacking. There Greek salad always comes out perfect and there dressing is delicious. And if you don't like a crunchy bun defiantly ask for it not to be toasted or grilled or whatever they do to it. Tends to come out like a stale bun, Once they toast it. This burger would probably be like number 4 on my list of best burgers in richmondhill.Also have tried there Philly cheesesteak if you are a cheesesteak Regular eater this is probably not what ur going to expect. It's like s mix of cheese with a little bit of shredded meat and covered in BBQ sauce.  Not a traditional Philly :(
Everything here is delicious always every time I have ordered here. Been eating here for years and years can never get enough. Special pizza, panzos, salads, fettuccine all so yum yum yummy!
First of all, the price was definitely good, $36 after tax for 4 rolls (Akane combo roll-blue mountain, Alaska, dynamite, spicy salmon) The rolls were all huge, the only thing weird was that, the rolls were really oily. The salmon and blue mountain were my favorites, but they were messy to eat. Both of these rolls had a lot of sauce and crunch bits, very very oily. Tasty when you are eating the sushi, but awful feeling after, would not try again.
Party of 2, ordered two lunch combos to share ( Mi-Ne Bento box, and the spicy salmon+spicy scallop rolls) and it was wayyy too much food. Everything was fresh and delicious, the rice to fish ration was perfect. IMO, ordering just the bento box would have been enough food, and price wise that would have been perfect as well. Total for the meal was around $40, which was fair for the amount and quality that we were served.
I am a huge fan of mul-naengmyeon (Korean icy noodles) and will order it where ever available. This place charges $12.99 for the dish, which is significantly more than other Korean joints I have been to (literally all.) and the noodles came LUKEWARM. I have literally never been more grossed out by noodles, it was a really hot day and ingesting a bowl of lukewarm noodles was not ideal. I don't really care if the side dishes were available for refill at this point.The only thing that saved the day was the bulgogi, had a decent amount of beef in it and was really fairly priced!Meh overall.
Quick short review, the ambiance and service was better than the food. I got a platter of assorted rolls to share, and while the rolls had great rice to substance ratio, I thought $36 was a bit expensive for the quantity. The food was definitely fresh and served very quickly, but I nothing amazing that makes me want to return.
HORRIBLE PLACE CAUTION DO NOT GO!I ordered a mango, papaya and prawn salad to go and was charged for it, the waitress then informed me the wait is 15 mins for a salad. I came back 15 minutes later and she told me she charged me for a green mango salad by accident and I have to pay the extra charge. Then made me wait another 10 minutes while they fixed my order. The waitress basically shamed me into paying by saying oh it's just two dollars, my mistake, just pay it in front of 3 other customers. When the order was finally ready I walked out with it, but checked it at my car because I had a bad feeling about the place, it turns out they messed up the order again and gave me a papaya salad. I went inside and expressed my frustration, and although the waitress fixed my order, she was extremely rude. She basically threw the salad at me and when I asked why it was so fast this time, she said they just toss it it's very fast. Then yelled, "you wanted a fresh one? Huh? The wait time is still the same!" As for the salad ( see photo) goddamit do they know what prawns are? And there were only two in the entire salad, funny cuz I paid 2 dollars extra??? The mangoes were mushy, like thawed Costco mangos... Absolutely disgusting place and food I will never go back. While in line I chatted with other customers who reflect similar experiences, avoid this place at all costs!
Came here in on a weekday morning and it was super quiet with the occasional walk-ins, make it the perfect setting for chilling or catching up with friends. Ordered a few different cakes, Persian black tea, Turkish Coffee, and 2 boxes of pastries to go, everything was $30 after tax and tip. The black tea was amazing in taste and presentation, pairs extremely well with the pistachio cake-rolls, and the tiramisu.They also make full sized cakes!
I arrived here for dinner at 6 PM with my family and we waited until 7PM for our dishes to arrive. We ordered a Aoi Udon, Kamikaze roll, Golden Dragon roll, and Dynamite roll. We wait a ridiculous amount of time for the food, as they claimed they all of a sudden had "phone orders" however only 1 lady walked in for pick up during the hourr we waited (Yeah, I counted) and there were only 3 other tables occupied in the restaurant (all of which already had their food). Anyways, they try to compensate by giving out lots of appetizers, we got complementary spring rolls, crab salad hand rolls, salads, miso soups.... nothing we really wanted, but were given anyways. This seems to be their ploy hmmm....The rolls finally came, and were large, but all were too cold(like out of the fridge level) and had weird sauces all over them... I think they put ranch and teriyaki sauce on the golden dragon roll.... The udon was good, but smaller in portion. Will not even consider coming back.
3.5This is me and my boyfriends go to restaurant for pho in Richmond hill. Service is weak. Servers are uninterested but the food is good which is why we come. My boyfriend gets a large house pho and I usually get a rice dish with chicken, fried egg, and egg cake. Their spring rolls are bomb. But the price keeps going up. I think it's now like 6.50 for two rolls? That's a lot. But it is pretty darn good. Curry with roti is good too. Cash or debit only. No credit card so don't come here looking to collect air miles.
3.5I'm not a fan of hanging meats but everyone else seems to really love it. This place has been around for years in the same plaza as McDonald's on valleymede. Come with cash.
Came here a couple times. The most recent visit was for a friends grandma's birthday. I found the experience and the food to just be average. Parking has improved in this plaza though since the wasabi ayce sushi restaurant closed down a couple months ago.
2.5Came here one late night with my boyfriend because we wanted to try a new pho place. Nothing memorable about this place except the lighting. They've spent money on the lighting which is nice. It almost looks like a lighting store rather than a restaurant.
I get takeout from here once a week. For best value, definitely get the love boats. Me and my boyfriend always order love boat A for $32. They have uni, hamachi, scallop, mackerel, and ebi. Their sushi rice flavour is on point. The dynamite roll is super yummy as well. On their menu, they only have three sizes for love boats, but if you require a bigger one, they can do it for you. All you have to do is ask. Owners are a nice Korean couple. They work really hard, 6 days a week, more than 12 hours a day. Sometimes you'll see their daughter or son working too. It's not the best looking sushi but the value is there. Miso soup is solid too. They don't cheap out on flavour. If you order takeout, here's a tip. They usually give you packaged soy sauce. Don't get this. Ask for their homemade soy sauce. It's on the sweeter side but compliments the sushi very well. You'll thank me for sure.
Best dim sum in Richmond hill but be prepared to wait in line on both weekdays and weekends. Their har gao is one of my favourites and the vegetable dumplings are fantastic as well. Funny thing to note here is that if you ask for cold water, the servers will look at you like you're crazy and then eventually bring out bottled water. Bottled water is free and I've had this several times. Don't forget though - the tea costs you!
I came here with my boyfriend one night to celebrate a special occasion and so we weren't skimpy on our order. Between the two of us, we spent about $250. We ordered their special fish of the day and I thought it was very meh. I know good fish and this was not it. I'll be honest though. Their uni was pretty good value and tasted pretty fresh. I also liked their spicy salmon roll. The waitresses take the time to explain what each fish is. They should though. Considering how much money I was spending. Anyway I won't return. Way better sushi out there. This place doesn't amuse me. Sorry.
This restaurant is meh. Nothing special but it is really busy on weekends. If you're a couple waiting for a table, you may be asked to eat beside strangers at a connecting table. A little awkward if you're looking to have a private conversation with your friends, partner or family. Nothing memorable about this place. I believe late evenings, there's a cheaper price.
3.75Fresh burgers are fresh burgers. Period. The buns are good. The meat is good. I like adding mushrooms jalapeños and some Cheese. They use sunshine buns and you can find them at the food basics grocery store. Their secret fries with their secret sauce is a little much sometimes but it's better than their poutine. I find their gravy too salty. Not a perfect restaurant though. Their fries aren't good. Too bad. Fries are so important. They need to compliment the burger. Esp when the menu is so small. The workers there seem very uninterested. That sucks. But there's a Japanese lady who works there who seems to show passion to serve. She might be the owners wife? Sweet lady. Also I like the clorex wipes. Use these to wipe down your tables before you eat.
I've had the pasta, jerk chicken, and club sandwich here. All pretty uneventful. I miss their garlic bread and warm apple pie. Do they still have this?
3.5My boyfriend is from northern China so anytime we go here, it gives him a little memory of home. Prices are good and the portion is fair. I like their vermicelli noodles, soup dumplings, and their steamed pork and leek dumplings. Their lunch specials are nice because it includes either a hot and sour soup or a cold soy milk. Both are good picks. For lunch, I like the mapa tofu with rice. Ask for extra sauce cause they give you lots and lots of white rice.
This is a hidden gem in Richmond Hill. This ramen joint is run by a very sweet Chinese couple and although it's no Santouka, it's pretty damn good. I always get the Hokkaido ramen and my boyfriend gets the spicy ramen level 2. Beware of level 3. My boyfriend can eat spicy food, but he suffered a little from the level 3. The real star at this restaurant is the pork cutlet. At $5, it is super crispy, fresh and moist. This is the best cutlet ive ever had and I've been to a lot of Japanese and Korean restaurants. The gyozas are amazing too. Legitimately pan fried. Not the cheap deep fried stuff like the other restaurants. Waitress is the owners wife. She is very sweet and works hard. Always makes sure we have tons of ice water (with straws). Only drawback is the beer is super expensive. My boyfriend ordered a Sapporo and it cost $7. Definitely not worth it. All in all, best ramen house in Richmond hill and Markham. Saves you the drive downtown, free parking, and no lineup.
You would think that ayce Korean bbq and sushi would be a mind blowing genius business concept but... This place isn't good. Poor quality beef and poor quality sushi. A restaurant that had an ayce concept with legit Kbbq and sushi would be so successful.  Too bad it doesn't exist in Toronto. We won't be a world class city until I see this happen. Good thing about this restaurant is that bubble tea is a short walk away. Parking sucks in this plaza. This is a fact of life in this plaza. It always sucks.
The one thing I like about this place is that there's a lot of options to make your dipping sauce just right.This restaurant isn't memorable though.
Why is this place a four star status? There are so many better dumpling joints closeby that are way waaaaay better in terms of value, quality, and taste. I had dumplings, ma pa tofu, lamb skewers, and fried rice and it is mediocre at best My boyfriend is from northern China and he didn't like this restaurant.
Came here on a double date. I had the butter chicken with saffron rice and it was okay. It was good but wasn't bad. Nothing special. My boyfriend had goat and garlic naan. Can't go wrong with garlic naan. Anyway for four people. I paid $100. No alcohol. Just a mango juice for one guy at the table. It's a little more expensive but I thought it was okay since the restaurant was clean and quiet. My server wasn't Indian. Is that weird or is it just me??
2.5 I like noodle soup but this place isn't good. Sorry, but there's not one redeeming quality about this place. It almost makes me miss the ayce sushi restaurant that used to be there - and that place wasn't even good.
2.5This place uses purple rice in their sushi. While people may appreciate this as they think it's a healthier alternative to white rice, it just shows how inauthentic it is. I spent $100 there between me and my boyfriend and there wasn't a single thing we enjoyed. Sashimi is weak, rolls are weak, and their poutine sucked. Oh yah, they have frozen beer as well. My boyfriend hated it.  Music is really loud here too. Not a place where you bring your family or a place to have a private conversation.
Food is really average at best. Don't know how this restaurant is at a four star status but there really aren't a lot of options for Malaysian food in Richmond Hill. Their hot sauce is really good though. My boyfriend knows his hot sauce and he was obsessed. Hot sauce is available for sale.
I don't get the four star review. Although I am very very picky about my sushi. It's alright at best. Not a ton of variety. If you do takeout and pay in cash, you save on the taxes. Worth the 13% if you're not trying to collect credit card points. Theres better sushi joints in the area. Parking in this plaza is just awful.
I like their brick toast with condensed milk. Their waffles aren't bad either. Loaded with lots and lots of whipped cream. Their large size bubble teas are pretty massive. I prefer their fruit drinks rather than the bbt. I've tried kiwi and pineapple before. Yum! Service isn't the greatest. But I can understand considering how busy it can get. This place got even busier after go for tea closed down a couple blocks down. Good luck finding parking!
Found a piece of hair on my food and told the waitress but she just laughed and kind of apologized and no compensation on the bill. Wings were okay but very mildly dressed. Service was so slow and they weren't even busy. Two girls at the front of the store did nothing except chat with one another. Ps there is a check in deal on Yelp with this particular location and the woodbine location doesn't have anything.
solid 3.5. It's very average sushi and very fair prices. I usually order a la carte sushi and sashimi instead of the trays so that I can have the uni, ikura, tuna, scallop, yellow tail and ika which are some of my favourites. Prices are very fair, don't think the prices have changed in years. Except the uni which has gone up a dollar or two. The menu hasn't been updated to reflect that change. I enjoy the free hand roll that they give you while you wait. Doesn't always happen but most times, you can expect one. Definitely don't sit down there. This is clearly a restaurant that is based on take out. I've had dinner at the restaurant and its very small so better to take it out and eat at home.Very nice sweet hard working Koreans running this place. Not bad for cheap takeout.
Food is okay. Side dishes are on the weaker side. The yook gae jang soup and kkang poongi aren't bad. My boyfriend also enjoys the pork bone soup. Don't get the cold noodles. Not good at all. Parking is a nightmare in this plaza on Saturdays and Sunday's. Beware!! I've parked at the eggsmart plaza down Leslie because it's so bad. Service isn't bad. when they see that you are low on side dishes, they ask if you'd like more, which I can appreciate. Don't come here if you want to have a private conversation. It's an open concept, food court-like atmosphere with no barriers.
Food is okay.Had the fresh mozerella with prosciutto and that was nice with the salt and fig jam. Pesto pasta was okay. Heavy cause of the cream sauce. Spaghetti and meatball was okay. Overall, way better than Alice fazooli. I had a great server btw so that made the meal enjoyable. What I didn't enjoy, was how there was an old couple in a booth behind us, and they were making out the whole night. Not classy. Get a room losers!
Service is terrible. I ordered food before another table and the other tables got their food first. I had to wait at least 40 mins. Service is so bad that people had to get off their seats to wave the waitress down. Side dishes are crap. Portions are ridiculous. Check my pics. Food doesn't taste good. Not a single redeeming quality about this restaurant. Serves stale rice, literally two scoops of soup and charges 13$. Yelpers beware. Do not come here. There are much better Korean restaurants to go to and this is not one of them. Parking sucks in this plaza too. Don't waste your hard earned money here.
This is my favourite bubble tea chain and the fact that they have bake code is even more fabulous. However their service needs major improvement ASAP. Why do I need to wait 15 mins for bbt? I ordered more than 20 dollars worth of baked goods and was supposed to get a five dollar voucher. The workers didn't give it to me so I had to go back and pick it up. No apology whatsoever. The guys do not know what their breads are get so they were asking me for the names of it so they could ring it in. Pretty brutal service but the food is good so if you can overlook that, this place is good.
Food is just okay. Not the best but not the worst. One thing I like about this place is that it's very clean and nicely renovated. The old wasabi sushi buffet restaurant. They have no weekday or grand opening special. I prefer dragon boat dim sum any day but this serves as an alternative if you want to go somewhere less busy and really really clean.
If you want good price and more than average servings, this is the place to go. It's been our favorite sit down dinner and take out place too. Be prepared to stand in line during peak time dinner or lunch hours. Don't know what to order for a group of 6 people?  There are set meals for 6 like double lobsters, beef dish, prawns, fish with corn, veggie dish with mushrooms, steam and yellow chicken. Its $72.99.  We added an order of Cantonese chow mein. All that food for 6!  Love them!
My first time in this restaurant. Almost missed it while driving and searching for it. Sign is too small. Not too appealing from outside. It's dark inside. But the food is the main thing. We ordered the medium combo boat for $46.95 which comes with 56 pcs of 28 pcs sashimi, 22 sushi, 3 pc California rolls and 3 pcs spicy tuna. I find the sashimi slices a little on the thin side. There's one fish that taste like tilapia. Not a good choice for sashimi. We also ordered the shrimp tempura appetizers. Staff are friendly. Other than that the rest are good. I'll come back to try the other dishes in the menu.
Decent selection of  Indian food for $15.99 per person. I find it too dark in the room where they have the buffet table.  I love the tandoori, curry goat and butter chicken. I tasted all the vegetarian section. So much fried stuffs as fillers. Not much selection on dessert area. They have an ice cream area where it has been scooped to the bottom and must be sitting there for awhile. Guess until they are emptied. The sitting area is nice and bright but going inside this dark room to get your food is just depressing and not appetizing. This place needs a makeover. Just too depressing.
Dim sum here are delicious and obviously prepared in their own kitchen and not previously frozen like other places.  Always line up but worth the wait.  The menu has a lot of good selections. We will be back but early next time.
Just a little place with 6 tables, walls are dirty and you come in with this long dirty floor runner that looks like it has not been cleaned. Never again for tea time.  The server brings you tins of tea to choose from that looks dirty placed on a bread serving tray.  She said you can open them and smell.  Geez how many hands and noses went through these tins of tea containers.  The sconces are like burnt brown and dry. All the stuffs like macaroons, tiny quiche, toast with some tiny toppings all placed on the three tier plate are not up to standard low quality compared from other places serving tea time.  Waste of money.
For years I go to this small restaurant that serves only wonton soup with or without noodles. The menu is short and simple. Typically I order wonton noodle soup and veggie plate. You can also buy fresh raw wontons if you prefer to cook a couple at home. $14 for a dozen you can freeze. I like their big wontons loaded with sliced shrimps. My only complaint is the broth. They used to have very good tasty broth. Now it taste more like powdered wonton broth. There's also discrepancies in prices if you ask for order of extra noodles. Everyone seems to be in defensive mode when I asked for extra noodles. The menu says $2 for extra noodles but I was told I must order it ahead of time together with my order not after I ate my food. Otherwise, it is $3. What in the world is this stupidity!  Why can't you order it after?  I still have soup and I feel I still want more noodles. Anyway, I think this is stupid!  I said forget it!  This place seems to be going down in quality.
Great food and great value? Not really! What happened to their chicken now?  I ordered two leg dinner.  They've gone smaller.  Fries were oily, soft like they've been sitting there for hours.  My order came in raw inside.  How can they not cook small chicken properly?  I told the waitress and she said she can have them cooked more.  My husband's order were perfect and not red inside.  She took my plate and re-grilled both chickens legs.  I got them back tasting like the greasy grill and dry. I didn't eat them and said just pack them.  No one wants to eat them at home so they went in my green bin.  They look so good in the picture.  Plump big and juicy...beautiful fries. But in reality, a total disappointment. After all, I didn't get good value for my money.  When I receive Swiss Chalet coupons in my mail, they go straight in the garbage.
Place is dirty.  As soon as you go in, you are standing on a muddy mat at the entrance.  I took a sip of the miso soup.  Wondered if it is safe to put my mouth on that miso bowl. Have they hand wash all their dishes and not in hot water dishwasher?  Bento box was wet. Sashimi thinly sliced. Sushi and maki below standard.  The reviews or 4 stars made me come here. This place is not 4 stars.  Not coming back again!
It's a new pho place in Richmond Hill. Prices are good and comparable to most established Vietnamese restaurants in GTA. Small place. Simple decor.  Sign is not visible from Yonge which may affect the traffic on this place.  We ordered the large Pho #39, crispy rolls and the grilled chicken, grilled pork chop, steamed egg with rice. Good food, good service. Why 4 stars?  I find the pork chop and grilled chicken thinly sliced but big portion of rice. Who needs a lot of rice but less meat?  It's still enjoyable but can use some improvements on food servings.
I find this place too expensive and not worth it .  I ordered chicken teriyaki bento with shrimp tempura for $23.00.  The chicken is dry and may have been previously cooked and grilled to have the grill marks. Tasted like the grill was not cleaned and tasted burnt.  Had only two slices and didn't eat the rest of the chicken.  Sushi are smaller than usual.  Hubby ordered the sashimi dinner and boy, they are thinly sliced.  Just my observation butthere are several empty seats around and we got seated in a wet table.  Crumbs on the seats. The floor below has not been swept clean.  Won't be going back here.
It's a small Hongkong style coffee shop tucked next to Blinds store. Sign is not as visible if you're driving along Yonge street. Happened to discover this place by accident when Mr Congee was closed. And I'm glad I tried it. Just next to T & T. Three times visit and I enjoyed the food. Came here for lunch ordering the fish with corn sauce and chicken curry. Comes with buns with butter and Soup, hongkong tea, etc. Came back again for tea time. I liked pork chop soup with noodles and deep fried chicken wings with fries.  For extra $1, you can get curry balls. I will highly recommend this place.
I decided to venture out of my comfort food zone and try something incredibly meaty, and well, BBQ-ed. Kum Hong is a take out Korean BBQ place nestled in a suburban plaza near many commercial buildings. Seriously, every restaurant offering a lunch deal thrives like it's nobody's business. On my early evening visit I was weirded out by the BBQ-ed pigs heads, resting it up a la Lord of the Flies. Many a sleepless nights I suffered throughout grade nine and a flashback to raw meat was really throwing my hungry body off. Stomach says eat, brain says run. I ordered the BBQ chicken on rice, $5.75. The meat portion isn't meager by any means, but the Chicken:Rice ratio is out of whack. It also comes with the 'delectably' fatty skin. Obviously, BBQ is not my thing, so I sucked it up and gently pulled off the skin before eating. Not bad. Actually, much better. If you enjoy BBQ I'm sure you'll really like Kum Hong. Be advised that the shop is not a really a sit down place, but I did see a couple of chairs at a high table near the window. Cash only!
I ordered the Vegetable Soon Tofu soup even though it wasn't listed on the menu anywhere. The service was great in the beginning, the waiter kept an eye on the table as he was working and kept coming out to check. I ate as I watched K-Pop and some random posters on the wall, one of which read, "This is not a real paper".  Really? Tell me more about life. I got 3 banchans with my order, and though the extremely garlic-y kimchi was delicious, the pickled cucumber was pretty shrively and sad.The dish itself, though slightly more expensive than competition, was made with fresh vegetables and the level of spice was perfect. I would have loved purple rice and a large amount to equalize the amount of soup. The new waiter towards the end spoke a very limited amount of English and it was pretty hard to communicate with him so I resigned to a smile and a nod. I'll definitely return when the mood for some k-pop and some soon tofu strikes.
I ventured in to buy a full-sized cake for someone's birthday and bearing the location in mind and the vast number of bakeries the area houses, I didn't bother preordering. When I went in there were a few others in the store, and I agree with another Yelper's comment about the poor service. Several customers were failing as they were trying to get the employee's attention for a few minutes. When I inquired about the cakes (the display case had a couple with names already on them and many macarons) she told me there were several in the back but they needed to be defrosted for a few hours. This pretty much turned me off the cakes, though I know they take a while to make -there is just something about a fresh cake that can't be substituted, even if it's an amazing frozen one.If I wanted a frozen cake, I'd go to the frozen dessert section and get some Deep 'n Nasty. No thanks.
I kind of love this place.It's a kind of fabulous mash-up between a diner and a fingerlicking falafel joint. I've never tried the burgers here since the Pitas and Dinner plate combos are immeasurably delicious, but the fries are pretty crunchy if you're in the mood for American.  Although evenings can get weirdly busy, they are well staffed and you can be sure to get your order between 5-10 minutes. I agree with Eric about the tables being randomly dirty, however, in their defense Joe's is very busy for a secluded diner and there are plenty of tables to choose from.On my visits, I've tried the Chicken Shawarma dinner plate ($11, with fries and greek salad) and the Falafel combo ($8, with fries and pop) and the portions are gigantic. The chicken was tender and soft, and my falafel was very fresh. I found that my food was less greasy than your usual diner fare, and much more fresh. No wonder there's always a line up.
I visited Nak Won first around the time they had just opened. Although, there are several Korean restaurants in Richmond Hill this one definitely doesn't send the area into Korean food overload. The place is equipped with tons of seating and I found the service to be quite great compared to some of their competition. In fact, we pretty much never had to flag down our waitress for anything. One thing - I wish they had a greater selection in their soondubu varieties. I'd love to get a soondubu with vegetables or soondubu with mushroom without having to make a specific request each time. I'd come back for a quick, delicious meal anytime, though.
As far as Hakka restaurants go in the GTA - my goodness, there are loads to choose from now. We selected this place (based on the Yelp reviews) for take-out to feed a few hungry friends - yup, I'm that person! The gentleman on the receiving end of my order was courteous and quick to note everything down. You get a slight discount if you pay with cash. After 20 minutes I went to pick up my order of 8 or so vegetarian dishes. The bottom dish began to leak and I'm not a fan of improperly packaged takeout. The food was satisfying. Fresh but maybe slightly on the bland side of flavour. I wouldn't mind coming back but it's AGH is not yet the kind of restaurant that sends me into craving mode.Lessons Learned:1. I should maybe explore my area a little more.2. There are many varieties of Hakka3. Some people are very MSG-sensitive4. If you're going to order here, ask for a little extra spice or salt.
I've seen this location go through hell and back. Finally, I can now say that this location has completely redeemed itself (after a solid 10+ visits). The service is now efficient as anything, and the customer service is great. Kudos to the new(er) staff.Study/Work friendly? Yes.
I've been ordering from Abruzzo's off and on for several years now. I've sampled their menu narrowly, moving through a variety of pizzas and their deliciously fatty sandwich menu.I've never dined in, so my experience is limited to take outs and pick ups. First of all, this is not a full restaurant experience. They do have waiters but one of the additional reasons why I've never ventured in for a dine in experience is because, frankly it's not much at all to look at and I think even Pizza Hut provides better ambiance, sadly.The food is pretty awesome. The sandwiches, while stuffed silly with mayo are a hot and deliciously addictive experience if you're looking for a guilty lunch. Just don't accuse me of plotting to fatten you up.The pizza is something else entirely. Though I wasn't a fan when I first tried it, Abruzzo pizza has grown on me. The sauce is on the very salty side, making it difficult to resist a second and third slice. The crust tends to be thin unless customized and the toppings are thinly sliced but generously dolled out.If you're planning a trip to Abruzzo be prepared to face a crowd at any given moment of the day. If you live in the area you're much better off ordering for delivery. I'm pretty sure they have ten delivery drivers on hand 24/7.
I've frequented the bakery part of Richmond Court for years now, having never visited the restaurant this review is just for the bakery portion (obviously).The cakes are made in the typical Chinese method, in that they use light whipping cream and not the rich sugar cream, like the friends at Ruelo or Chocolada. It makes a great change from the norm every now and then. The pre-made cakes come in a variety of flavours like Mango Mousse, Fruit, Chocolate Mousse, and Black Forest. The also have an assortment of pastries like egg tarts, really sweet rice cakes, custard buns, red bean cake, black bean, etc. Their turnover is pretty frequent so you don't need to worry about the softness of the bread. There is nothing innovative about their line and in terms of presentation, it's a bit lacking; I've been to much better Chinese Bakeries, but Richmond Court is a pretty stable supplier if you live in the area or happen to be passing by. The hours are great and there is rarely a lineup.
This outlet differs from Menchie's in that I found the options for the froyo itself more vast, but the taste and quality were much better here. I tried both the Red Velvet and Tart flavours and they both tasted exactly how you would expect. A good thing, I believe. The red velvet at Menchie's doesn't give the name justice. The texture was a bit more grainy than Menchie's, but I think it's a natural yogurt occurence. The options here are less desirable and a little lower quality than Menchie's. No carob chips here, and I did notice Golden Grahams, Sour Patch kids and Cap 'n crunch. The service and cost are comparable to Menchie's. A normal sized froyo(halfway filled) costs just under $6. Yogurty's will be seeing a lot more of me, but mostly when I'll be seeking a true sugar high.
We came here for lunch not too long ago, and while the bento box was of good quality, the wait time was not so fabulous. If you're in a hurry try another spot, or you'll be left waiting about 20 minutes for your order.
This place is pretty good when you're in the mood for some sushi. It's not the best I've ever had but it's pretty good considering the area. I truly dislike many of the sushi bars in RH and Markham, especially the ones who consider it the norm to stuff the roll with mayo. I want Japanese food, not a miniature burger in seaweed with fish and rice.  The bento box I ordered was more than satisfying, yet considering the reviews I was waiting for something a little more mind-blowing. Maybe I'll give the Sashimi and Udon a shot on my next visit. For those of you who've never been here before. Be warned, the tempura contains the odd slice of apple. Really. Apple in tempura.
I came here for lunch after a really long time, -around 8 years. I was pleasantly surprised to see a complete renovation. I ordered the Sushi Rolls lunch A and it came with avocado rolls, california rolls and salmon sushi.Though the option for lunch is kind of basic, -the presentation was good. The sushi seemed adequatly fresh and I appreciated the addition of rice noodles in the miso. The service is great, so I'd definitely consider a return back to Tomo for lunch, though I might go somewhere else for dinner.
This restaurant is a RH gem, for sure, but I don't know that I'd drive out of the way to make a trip here. While the dinner service is great, the food just wasn't 'it' as much as the other reviews suggest. I've had Malaysian before, and Restoran Malaysia, seems to be more of a Western-Thai fusion suited to South Asian palates rather than authentic Malaysian. We had the green mango salad. While it was satisfactory, the mango was fully ripe and sweet and was sliced overly thinly. The green curry with vegetables and it was definitely not spicy enough. The egg prata, be warned is more of a crepe then a roti, and sweetened. The drinks were just satisfactory. I had the ovaltine milk and tried the tea. Both were made of condensed milk. I wish I was pre-warned.
Hmmm... So I'm not the biggest fan of dim sum (yes, I know... Worst Asian ever!), but my grandparents are big fans of this place, so we go here a lot on some special occasions: ie mother's day!ALWAYS super busy, with a rather small parking lot. Makes finding a parking spot for dim sum near impossible!For the food, being allergic to crustaceans kinda limits the amount of food you can eat at dim sum (as everything has shrimp in it!). I personally love the Chrysanthemum Jellies they have for dessert though!Pretty good service, but usually have to wait a long time to get a seat if you don't reserve ahead of time.
My friend and I wanted some sushi the other night, but didn't want AYCE so we decided to try somewhere new. I had read on yelp that this location had some of the best sushi boats, so we gave it a try. I guess you can say that I was very pleasantly surprised!With all sorts of different fish and options on the love boat, I'm glad we came here. We went for the Love Boat B, with 60+ sushi/sashimi/rolls for about $62.99. It was a great choice as they gave different options of fish, along with some pricier items that most places would leave out like uni, scallop, and eel. I got to admit that I was quite impressed with the spread they gave and everything seemed to be very fresh!Service was quite good overall. We did see something questionable in one of our tea cups, but they were very apologetic and gave us a new cup right away. They were quick to assist us and very friendly as well.Great sushi for a great price is always good in my books. Definitely a place I will be coming back to when I'm looking for a la carte sushi boats.
I don't frequent Alice Fazoolis as often as I used to, but things are pretty much as good as they used to be.The prices have gone up slightly (inflation) and some things on the menu have changed over the years, but overall, its still quite good!One of the best things about Alice is that the bread they give you is some of the best. Ever. I dont even like bread that much usually, and I will hands down eat this bread. Unfortunately, the server didn't bring us any, and we forgot to ask as well, so we missed out on some last night . Learn from my mistakes!!!As for wine, Alice has a bottle of Pinot Grigio that is quite good for only $26. (Used to be cheaper, but still worth it with a couple friends!) For the food, we had Spinach & Artichoke Dip, Veal Parmesan, and Prosciutto Arugula Pizza. These are dishes we hadn't tried on previous visits and were all very good. The dip was flavourful without being heavy, which is wuitw a feat when making a dip that includes cheese! Veal was cooked just right, with pasta and beans on the side. The pixza was flawless, as the two ingredients mingled together well on a super thin crust to make it gourmet!Service is always pretty good with attentive staff who are friendly and super quick. Minus the lack of bread (last night), a good night out!
I honestly didn't even know this restaurant was here and when we came by, it was definitely as old as I remembered with the previous restaurant. They call themselves a dumpling kitchen, but the menu was kind of a fusion between a dumpling house and shanghai food. Two of my favourite kinds of Chinese cuisine in one place would make it a win right away, but the food quality and taste is also important, which I had some high standards and comparisons. First off, we ordered some dumplings. We got the Pork and Leek Dumplings that were pan-fried and boiled. Both were okay, but not as good as some other locations. The pan-fried dumplings could have definitely been more crispy.They had the Pork Hock and Cucumber dish, but it was on the saltier side, with a little too much parsley that it overpowered the overall taste. The Xiao Long Boa were larger than other places and had 6 in one basket, which is a plus, and the taste was okay. The Shanghai Noodles were definitely non-traditional, as they had shrimp and the taste was definitely lacking. Service was about average for a small restaurant like this. I was also surprised to see that there was a lineup throughout the duration of our meal. Guess some people do like this restaurant. Some things were okay, but most subpar in my opinion. Comparing to a Shanghai restaurant, or a dumpling house, this restaurant may not be able to live up to either by trying to do both. Unless you want both those food options in one place, I would recommend another restaurants for one or the other.
Didn't really know that Maxim was a thing here, as I've been to the one's in Hong Kong. Was pleasantly surprised with the food and the service.Knew that Maxim did mostly desserts and cakes, but the dinner was pretty good. We ordered off the dinner special menu, so we got soup, coffee/tea, and a slice of cake with the meal. I had Curry Lamb Shank with Wild Rice, which was very good. Rice was quite nice with a pretty soft lamb. The Seafood Paella was okay as well.Cakes were quite nice, but ended up really full, so didn't finish it. We had the Tiramisu, Meringue, and Orange Chocolate Cake.Service was quite good, as they were very nice. Came by often to see if we needed anything, and quite friendly!
Came to grab some lunch with my family as we were in the area. I rarely come here myself, but my brother was the one who chose, so we went along with the idea. We all ordered off the lunch menu, so meals were about $7.99-8.99. Order the Spaghetti Bolognese, but found it quite bland. The spaghetti itself was decent, but the meat sauce didn't have much flavour at all. Made eating it with nothing else a bit pricey at $7.99. The soup it came with was pretty good, and the break wasn't bad either. Also came with a drink, so it is a decent deal overall. Service seemed a bit rushed, as the servers seemed to be moving very fast, as if trying to get people to eat and leave. One server just put down the dishes on our table, without asking who was eating what. We had to rearrange the dishes ourselves. The AC was also on full blast, but worse by the windows. It was like 20+ outside, but felt like I needed a winter jacket with that amount of AC. Probably won't be back for a while, but a decent place for a quick, inexpensive lunch.
I pretty much love Starbucks, so I cant complain too much. But the barista at the register was just moving too slowly while there was a pretty big line. I do understand making conversation and chitchat with customers, but where there is a big line... KEEP IT MOVING! Some of us have somewhere to be...The worst part is that there are about 6 people working in the store at that time, which is more than I've ever seen!My drink was made very quickly, which made up for some time. Just wish I didn't have to wait 5 min to order...
One of those restaurants you go to when you can't decide where to eat. Not my favourite place, but they have pretty good food.A pretty good ambiance overall, with the choice to sit in the dining room or the bar side. (Note that on busier nights, they will check ID's in order to sit on the bar side).Typically, I end up getting a steak, but depends who I go with. Luckily went with my parents the last time, so was able to get the honey glazed steak. It was AMAZING, well cooked at medium rare, and juicy!Service is decent most times, though I did have a pretty bad experience once a few years ago with the hostess, but the manager ended up giving us a free appetizer.
Another night with family, trying to decide where we wanted to go that would be a quick dinner. Ended up coming here, as we'd been on the rare occasion...Never my top choice, but always decent food for a good price. Ordered off the special menu, which came with soup and a beverage. Each meal was okay, but came really fast to the table. However, like most Chinese cafes, there was a lot MSG in the food. Service here is very good. Servers are attentive, quick to react, and very friendly, which made the experience much better.
Only ever been to another Izakaya once, so that was kinda what I was expecting when I walked in. The staff didn't really greet us as we came in, only the hostess and 1 chef yelled out. Seats were quite comfortable in our booth, but the overall lighting was a bit on the dim side, as it became hard to read the menu.We ended up trying quite a few things on the menu. The beef, tuna, and salmon tataki really stood out, as they were seasoned and prepared perfectly. The purple rice with the sushi and maki were especially unique, with a distinct sweetness that you don't get with white rice. It did take forever to make and get to the table. Sashimi was quite fresh as well! Lastly, the yellowtail fin was amazing, cooked very nicely where the meat was soft inside, and skin was just a little crispy!Service was a bit lacking, as it took some effort to wave down a server. Had to ask many times just to get a refill on tea! A solid 3 for the overall experience.
Hmmm... I'm hesitant to give this restaurant 4 stars at this point, but it's definitely 3.5 stars at least. With the new grand opening, this restaurant is a gem that may be something great!First things first is that you have to know that this restaurant is set up to be something on the higher end. With their beautiful decor and design, to the set up and pricing on the menu, you will want to come here for a special occasion, rather than just another night out for dinner. When I say beautiful decor and design, I actually mean stunning. Each section of the restaurant was well thought out and planned, from the walls to the table tops.The menu did scare me a little with their pricing rather high, but when the food arrived, it was a little more justifiable. Everything was plated gorgeously and it all tasted phenomenal. My friend and I decided to go for the Toshi Course and add in a Kamoyaki as well. The overall course had a nice transition from plate to plate, and each one was distinct in its flavor palate. From the sashimi and foie gras/uni starters, to the perfectly grilled cod, everything was made with delicate detail and perfection. Honestly some of the best grilled cod I have ever had! It was literally so soft that it felt like it was melting in my mouth!The beauty of the Toshi Course was that it consisted of the chef's choice of fish and seafood that was fresh and in season. That means that it would be different each time you go, and would give you something to look forward to. With this specific course at $85 before tax, there was quite a high expectation on the meal and overall experience. The food was amazing to eat, but there wasn't quite enough food to share with more than one other person. I believe that it is actually set-up for one person, which would make it quite a hefty price for in my opinion.The part of the experience that was rather lacking would be the service, unfortunately. For a higher end restaurant, there is a bar of expectation that I would have wanted to be met. Although the servers were extremely friendly and nice to the bone, the overall service itself was slow. Now, I understand that 'nicer' restaurants want you to enjoy the food and experience, but this was something different. They took a little too long to come take our order, get us more tea, and had to be asked multiple times to get something for us. Wasn't as bad as they were very nice, but I kind of expect more attention when I'm paying a certain price for the food/service.With all that being said, great food is something I am willing to spend money on from time to time, so I can see myself coming back in the future. Most likely for a more specific occasion, but it may be worth it for that.
A good place for a meal, whether lunch or dinner. Seems more like a Hong Kong style cafe for lunch though. The area is quite large, and can accommodate larger groups if necessary. Not a lot of waiting room for tables when they are busy, so making a reservation may be wise for larger groups. Have been here a couple times, and the food overall is quite good. A good quality for the price you pay.The service here is mediocre though, with the food coming out quick, but the lack of attention is evident. Had to ask a couple times for more tea as they don't give you your own pot at lunch. A nice place to check out if you want something on the inexpensive side, but want a nice environment than a cafe.
With this being the newer Golden Horse Restaurant, it is definitely larger, nicer, and more spacious. Having been to the Highway 7 location quite a few times, this one was a new stop for me.Parking is still pretty tight, as there are more spots in general, but with lots happening in the plaza, it doesn't make for tons of spots. Fortunately, with a bigger restaurant apace, you can seat more people. The decor seems more modern and is nicely lit, but that was about as nice as this place got compared to the other. The food was average, but the curry wasn't as good, with the meat a bit too chewy and the rice I got was very, very oily. It is also insane that they have an extra charge for absolutely everything. Want to change a portion of the meal? Its about $1 (or more). Drinks come with the meals, but if you want it cold on a hot day, its an extra $1.50! I know they add a bit for cold drinks everywhere, but some places will give you the cold drink for half of that. That's just absurd!Service wasn't the greatest either. They weren't very nice, gave me a sense of laziness, and didn't have much communication between each other. Don't think I'll be back here as there is a better location about 2 blocks south.
Wahhh! I haven't been here in so long! Years even! They have some great stuff here too!First things first! They have some of the best Tofu Pudding (Tofu Fa) in the area. Made in a wooden container, it is the softest around! I came here last night for some late night snacks/desserts, and always have a satisfying ending! Ordered Sticky Rice Rolls, Curry Beef Balls, and a Lychee with Sago and Grass Jelly. All very good, though the beef balls could have had a spicier/richer curry sauce. Service is always quite good, but the staff there are on the older side, so there may be a language barrier if you don't speak Chinese. They are definitely nice and always quick with any requests. With the restaurant closing at 2AM, you can pretty much come any time! Come try out the different desserts, or even a meal (rice or soup combos).
Been here for lunch and dinner a couple times, and I gotta say, its definitely a Japanese restaurant worth looking into. With really fresh sashimi for a decent price, and great hot food, you can't go wrong coming here!Came by today for lunch, and they have quite a nice lunch menu. Prices seem to have gone up recently, but still reasonable. I got one the Bento Boxes and my mom and aunt got different noodles with sushi. A bit more than I would want to pay for a bento box ($15.99), but a great meal overall. The Tonkatsu was absolutely perfect, fried just right with a great texture contrast on the outside and inside. The Salmon Onigiri is on of the specialties, and definitely worth trying as it not something you get to try a lot in this area. A bit dry for my personal taste, but can always add the tonkatsu sauce! The noodles are awesome as well, as you get a whole maki or hand roll, as well as your udon/soba/ramen. Definitely a great deal with each between $9.99-12-99. Make sure you check Inatei out if you are a Japanese cuisine fan! Great for both lunch and dinner!
All you can eat meat? It doesn't get much bette than that! The only reason you wouldn't love this idea is if you're a meat-hater! Booo! Lol. All jokes aside, this is one of the best places for anyone looking to eat their weight in high quality meat. From chicken to pork to beef! They have everything that you could possibly want! I will warn you now though, the price is definitely up there, as dinner on the weekends are about $45 per person! Yikes! If you can get passed that price, you're in for a great time! Note: there is a dress code as well, so you may wanna look into that before going.As soon as you walk in, you are greeted by beautiful and friendly hostesses, that will quickly assign you a table. At your table, the servers will quickly explain to you what the medallions mean, and then the meat parade starts. These guys will come over with the meat, and basically give you as much as you want! Highlights for me are definitely the Chicken Wings, Top Sirloin, Lamb, and Bacon Wrapped Steak. Each one cooked to perfection and served piping hot! There is also a salad bar with soups, with an assortment of starters and appetizers. However, the best item on the menu is definitely the Grilled Pineapple. What, a fruit? Exactly! Its grilled pineapple thats seasoned with cinnamon until it caramelizes, and intensifies the sweetness! It's honestly heaven and you end up eating more and more of it, even when you're full!Service was quite good, with food coming all the time, water being refilled often, and servers checking in on the table. Could be a bit smarter with the plates, as the ones that are already on the table are tiny and need exchanging rather consistently. Servers are quite good about changing the plates though.With beautiful decor and ambiance, an awesome bar (including a DIY wine bar), this is the perfect place to eat, enjoy, and leave with a food baby!
Pretty good food, with amazing service! Came by on a rainy night with some friends, as we somehow decided on this restaurant. Had been here a couple times before, so knew what to expect. Was welcomed right when we got in, and had to wait a couple minutes for a table, but the manager came to apologize right away! Sat down and our server greeted us and let us know about the menu. I wasn't sure if I want the Coors Banquet which was on special, so she brought over a sample for me to try! Always nice!I ordered the Bison Meatloaf, and my friends had the Bison Burger and Wings. All were quite good, but my Bison Meatloaf was delicious, as the meatloaf was nice and soft, and was wrapped in bacon! Everything is better with bacon. Wings were amazing, and the NY Butter Sauce was great. We wanted to try it, so the server gave us some on the side to try!Overall a great night, but was made better with exceptional service from our amazing server! Definitely a nice location to sit and have dinner if you're looking for some American food.
Woooh! Definitely a cool spot! I absolutely love microbreweries, and this one is definitely in a good location! Located at East Beaver Creek, this restaurant is a keeper as it brings a unique flavour to the already diverse array of options. I didn't even know they were opened until I drove by it. Glad that I came by though! A nice choice of house beers and familiar foods. I wasn't too sure which beer I wanted for the evening, so the server eagerly gave me a couple samples to try before making my decision! Always a great way to start the night! I ended up with their house Blonde, which was a good choice.For food, my friend and I got the Mac & Cheese Grilled Cheese and Sausage and Chicken (Shrimp) Pasta. The grilled cheese looked amazing, and my friend really enjoyed it. Cooler yet, they gave a spicy sauce to go with the fries! For the pasta, I can't eat crustaceans, so they subbed the chicken for the shrimp. Definitely a nice choice. A bright, red colour to the pasta was a bit if a surprise, but it was delicious, with a hint of spice to it. A great meal accompanied by great service always makes my night. The server came back to check on us without being bothersome, and provided excellent service overall. The overall ambiance felt more bar than restaurant though. The music was a little too loud, and it became harder to have a conversation with someone at the same table.Definitely gonna make an effort to come back, as there were some amazing specialties on their menu that I would definitely wanna try. Not the cheapest restaurant around, so make sure your wallet is ready to try some of the more unique items.
Yay! Finally got to try out Magic Noodle, and I have to say it was pretty good! I had heard that waiting for a table could be killer, but was lucky to get one right away. Parking is a bit of a hassle in this plaza, as there are very limited spaces, but coming at a later time seemed to help. Upon entering, the 2 of us were asked to sit at the high top area, but there was an available table in plain sight. Not the best impression, in my opinion. After sitting down, nobody came to check on us for over 5 minutes. Had to eventually call over a server to put in our order. Ended up getting the Hand Pulled Noodles with Braised Beef and the Flavoured Pork Wrap.  The noodles in a rich broth and the noodles at perfect tenderness. Definitely a difference with hand pulled noodles! The pork wrap was also very good, with crispy pork on the inside, coming together deliciously with sauce. Service overall was on the poor side, with them not wanted to seat us at a free table, and only ever coming to our table to give us our food. Overall decor was nice, and definitely enjoyed the open kitchen concept. Just make sure you bring some cash! They don't take credit cards, which is a hassle for those, like me, who only ever carry plastic!Guess it's one of the restaurants you come to enjoy the food only, and the service is virtually nonexistent.
One of the places I always remind myself not to go to, but end up going back to again and again. Now, don't get me wrong! Demetres is a fine establishment. I'm just not that crazy about sweets. And this place definitely ramps up the sugar and decadence to a whole new level. I never knew what to order, as the selections were expansive, intricate, and overwhelming! Luckily, they have a new menu (with clever headings), and more options for the folks that want something simpler, like me! Came by with a friend and got myself the Cake and Coffee combo for $9.50. A pretty good deal, where I can balance the decadence of the cake with the bitterness of the coffee. The Chocolate Mousse Cheesecake was actually very good. Rich in chocolate flavour, while still being light and fluffy. Not something you get in a cheesecake very often!My friend got the Last Straw Crepe. The crepe was beautifully thin and the ice cream was pleasantly sweet and light. Topped with strawberries, it was delightful!A nice place to go to once in a while, but probably not my top pick for desserts. Again, the decadence level here is through the roof in my opinion! I didn't even finish all my cake! So if you're looking for something on the richer side, come to Demetres! If you're like me, I'd look into something else in the area...
Some people would be thrilled to have their kitchen filled with desserts, so I would definitely give their name a thumbs up! Overall, good service with unique desserts makes this kitchen a good choice. One thing I do like about this dessert joint is that it is open late, everyday. Sometimes you just want dessert, but places close around 10pm. That makes planning difficult, so Dessert Kitchen definitely has 1 up on the other places around. Another plus is that they have very unique options. Not all of them are that great, but it is definitely something that makes this place worth visiting. The dessert noodles are extremely interesting, but don't taste like much. They have some really good snacks, as their fries are super crispy, just the way I like them. The Green Tea Molten Cake was really good, paired with some ice cream and red bean. Service is pretty good as the space is very small, but once the tables are filled, it may be quite difficult to get a seat. So if you're looking for some Asian inspired desserts on the more unique side of things, head over!
Now, if you were to ask me what I wanted for dinner, Malaysian food is pretty much the last thing on my mind. Not cause I don't like it. More because I never remember it! Lol. This is one of my brothers favourite Malaysian restaurants, so we headed here on his recommendation. The food was quite good, as I'm a sucker for good curry, but the service was a bit lacking...First off, the Cold Tea here is amazing. Its the kind where the pull the tea from jug to jug, making it super smooth! Definitely worth a try!We got the Mango Salad, Roti with Curry Sauce, Yellow Curry with Chicken, Pineapple Fried Rice, Vegetable Spring Rolls, and Garlic Choy Sum. The highlights were definitely the Yellow Curry with Chicken, as it was flavourful with enough spice, but still light. The Pineapple Fried Rice was good too, but mixed with some curry was even better!The portions here are either small or big. Nothing really in the middle. The fried rice was enough to share, but everything had me wanting more. The worst was the Roti. The order originally came with 2, but needed us to add 2 more! It would have been a waste of the curry sauce, let alone not being filling enough. That's probably how they get you!The service was quick, but you got an overwhelming feeling that the staff really didn't want to be there. One of the only Malaysian restaurants I know in the relative vicinity, so if you're into Malay, definitely worth checking out!
One of the better cafe's in the area, with good quality food. Depending on the day and time you go, it can be very busy. With minimal parking and limited tables, you would have to get lucky for a parking spot, and probably call ahead to make a reservation. Not really a Hong Kong style cafe, but maybe a mix of cultures. Nice food options from around the world on one menu, and makes choices quite interested. Got the Curry Braised Beef, my mom got an Indonesian Style Chicken on Rice, and my brother got the Tiger Prawn Pasta. The curry was quite good, with enough flavour and spice without overdoing it. The rice looked amazing, beautifully plated and delicious! My brother said the pasta was amazing too, as their prawn were very fresh! Most meals also come with a beverage, which is awesome. Their Milk Tea is very good here, so definitely worth a try!Service is pretty good, with quick and efficient servers, and food coming out pretty quickly. The servers are also friendly, but probably don't realize that their tone sometimes comes across as a bit rude or apathetic. Something to think about I guess...Definitely a good spot to try some different dishes for a decent price. Despite the parking struggles, you will want to try this spot out!
Man, I love me some St. Louis wings, but this location was bad! Came by for half-price wings on a Tuesday, but that was probably the best part of the night. As to be expected, the restaurant was super busy for a Tuesday night, so I knew that we'd have to wait for a table. We had about 10 people, so the wait was going to be quite long until the hostess offered to split us up. We were discussing this option when the hostess abruptly and rudely asked us what our decision would be, and that she needed to know right away! I understand that you if we decide against this, you would give the table to others, but there really is NO reason you need to rush us while we were deciding without giving us much time. When we decided to go ahead with the split, I asked the hostess where we were going, where she rudely replied with 'Give me a minute!'  She ended up forgetting to direct us to our table, and we ended up seating ourselves... Our server eventually showed up and gave us menus, but didn't come back to take our orders for 5+ min. She rarely came back to check on our table, and we even had to ask other servers for refills on our drinks. At the end of the night, she accidentally typed in the wrong bill for someone on the machine, and expected us to pay out the difference/figure it out ourselves. Not my problem if you're incompetent and can't figure out what numbers are on a bill...The wings were as good as they always are (which helped it get it's 2 stars), but the service here was not even half as good as the Markham location. This restaurant may be bigger with more tables, but you'll get a bitchy hostess that hates her job, and a server without brains. Heed my advice and go to the Markham location!
Man, this is pretty much a much needed facelift for Alice Fazoolis, so I commend them on trying to fix some of the issues they had before, but there are still a few areas that could use more tweaking.First off, the interior of the restaurant is pretty much the same in terms of space, but this space is used much more appropriately now. They removed that ridiculous giant entranceway and have used lost of the spaces that were empty to fill with tables. This means you get seated a lot faster. The environment is a lot more lively as well, which is a nice improvement. The music was done by a live DJ (which is always a nice touch), but a bit loud if you were to have a conversation. For food, the menu itself had some new items, but was both happy and disappointed to see that there were items that were exactly the same. Decided to go for the Naked Mozzarella, the Classic Meatball, and my friend and I got a pasta each, the Pesto Pollo and the Zucca. First off, the freshly, in-house made mozzarella was amazing. With a little bit of salt, tomato jam, and bread to go with it, everything came together in a perfect harmony. Would definitely try one of the other mozzarella options again. The meatball was quite good as well, nice in-depth flavour, without being too oily or saucy. However, it was the meatball itself that I liked. There was cheese, sauce, and bread that came with the dish that only diminished the meatball's flavour. For one, the cheese on top was way too salty. The Pesto Pollo had a good pesto flavour which I liked, and the pairing with sun-dried tomatoes was a nice touch. However, it came with chicken which made the overall pasta seem too dry, as it was an oil based seasoning. The pasta itself was nicely done, as you could taste the freshness as it's made daily, but I usually prefer my pasta more on the al dente side, and they were a bit too soft for me. The Zucca was quite good, with a nice moist centre to the ravioli, and a beautifully done cream sauce that was flavourful without being heavy. A nice combination overall. The service was decent, but definitely could have improvements. Our main server said they use a 'team service' approach, which meant that we could ask anyone for anything we needed, but the service at our table was lacking. Our main server definitely did her job, but not as much checking-up-on as one would expect at a restaurant like this.From what I understand, other Scaddabush are much better than this location, so it would interesting to see if this location will get any better. As with a facelift, you can change the outer appearance, but the underlying problems may still need some attention...
Man, what a find! This is definitely a restaurant I never noticed was here, but definitely a good one! A hidden gem if you will.My dad was the one who recommended it, however he didn't even know what it was called. Very friendly atmosphere upon entering and got seated right away. A very relaxed and modern design inside, and a good use of a smaller and narrow space. A good sized menu that boasts a couple specialties. We decided to go for the Beef Ribs and Pork Soup w/ Rice set meal and the Boiled Pork Slices and Soup W/ Rice. The side dishes that came with were quite themselves. Their kimchi was definitely the best, and was definitely made in house. They even gave you the whole lettuce to cut up yourself! The Ribs were done really well, on a hot plate and extremely flavourful with onions as well. The soup was rich and spicy, just the way I like it. The Boiled Pork Slices were so fresh and light, didn't even feel like I was eating fatty pork! It came with lettuce and sauce as well, which gave it a very traditional Korean eating experience. Service was very friendly, but a little on the slower side. They were constantly busy, so it was hard to get a hold of someone when you needed it. Other than that, the owner was super friendly and came by to see how we were enjoying everything!Definitely worth coming again as there are many things I wanna try here! Until next time!
I can't believe I haven't done a review for this place yet! Been here numerous times, and gotta say that I enjoyed it every time!Decided to come here again after a long while, and had a really good meal! First off, the interior design and decor was beautiful. With a modern twist on a classic design, it gave a sense of a true Italian restaurant with modern lighting! There was jazz music playing in the background as well, which is always a plus in my books. Everybody loves some Franky!One of the amazing things about Fraticelli's is that they have an amazing featured menu. It changes every once in a while, but offers different dishes you don't get to try often. Once I had a mahi mahi that was magical, and last night they had a swordfish (which I didn't order due to the price). The items are typically more expensive, but if you go for it, you definitely won't be disappointed. We decided to go for an Arugula Salad, the Penne alla Vodka, and the Meatballs al Forno to start.The meatballs are homemade, which is always a nice touch, and came with 4 little meatballs in a tomato sauce. The meat itself had a strong herb taste and a little on the tougher side, but paired very well with the tomato sauce and cheese on top!The Arugula Salad my friend got was very generous, with a lot in the bowl, especially the cheese and chickpeas. My friend chose to add in salmon, and it was cooked nicely to a medium.The Penne alla Vodka was really good, with bacon and onion cooked in with a creamier sauce, it was done very well.For dessert, we shared a Chocolate Tartufo, which was really good as well. A nice decadent chocolate covered in cocoa powder made a nice contrast between the sweet and bitter. The service was very good though, with attentive and informative servers, they really understood their menu and was able to give some nice advice and recommendations. Would definitely consider coming her a little more in the future, as it has been a while!
Man, it's gotten so shitty over the years, that I don't even want to go here anymore. Came here quite late in the evening after an activity, as we just wanted a quick drink. Came in and ended up waiting for a couple minutes before we got a table. The host didn't actually see us, but another server did, and pretty much just ignored us, and didn't even tell the other host we were waiting. When we got a table, once again it took forever to get the attention of a server to put our order in. Drinks are okay, but nothing special or worth mentioning. As we were sitting, the server just brought over our bill without us asking for it. Not something I like as it feels the server is subtly asking you to leave. Overall, don't like the way this place has turned out over the years. There are tons of other bubble tea places in the vicinity, which I urge you to go to instead. Just full of rude kids working who don't care.
Wow! What a little find! My friend suggested we go here as she was craving some sushi, and I'm definitely glad we did.A small little shop, with a warm and welcoming environment made this a lovely place for dinner. The staff were super nice and friendly, and made the meal that much more enjoyable. We decided to go for a big boat of sushi, as we were both in that mood, and the staff were very accommodating. I don't eat shellfish, so a lot of the shrimp on the boat would have gone to waste. We asked if we could sub things out, and they were very accommodating. We were able to get other sashimi and sushi to make up for the shrimp, and another roll of the same value for the Dynamite Roll. We went for the Spicy Salmon instead!All the fish were fresh, and everything was well made. We even got soup and salad each, as they provide that with you meal if you spend above $15 before tax. The boat was also very nice, as they pout effort into making it presentable. They had little decorations and ornaments to give the boat an asian feel and appeal to the eyes!Definitely a win in my books, as we stuffed our bellies with amazing sushi! Will definitely be back another time to try it again!
Always excited for a new ramen joint in the area, but this one was a bit of a let down. Came by on a Sunday night after work and the restaurant was completely barren. Not a single customer in sight. Granted I get that it was a Sunday night, but that was a new level of dead. The decor was quite nice, as it gave off a Japanese kotatsu feel to it, but was a little inconvenient, as the chairs didn't have backs making it difficult to find somewhere to put your coat.So I ordered Takoyaki and Spicy Ramen with Pork Belly, and my friend got the Black Ramen. The takoyaki was done quite well, but the ramen was a little lacking. The portion was small, not much flavour to the soup, and my noodles were even in clumps. The noodles were a little expensive for that size as well, starting at $10.50. The service was good, as the server was really nice. However, we 'were' the only ones in there, so hard to say when it's any busier. Probably not the ramen joint I will frequent, as there are others in the area that are a little better in my opinion.
Been here a quite a few times, and have been trying to get myself to finish this review. They offer quite a wide variety of food options and seems to be similar to a Hong Kong style cafe, but a little better.The restaurant has a good amount of tables, but you'll find a lineup whenever you go around lunch or the weekends. Lighting is a bit dim in parts of the restaurant, but you can still see you food is the most important thing for me.I typically find myself here for lunchtime, which has me ordering off their lunch specials. Quite a good deal for their price as you get your meal, soup (with garlic bread), and a beverage. I typically get one of the pasta options, and the food is usually okay. Their borscht soup is one of the better ones in the area, with good flavour without being too sour and lots of ingredients.Service is usually quite good as well, as servers come around and everything gets done quickly. Some areas of the restaurant aren't in view of their bar/kitchen area, so those are the less tended to spots.A good place to come once in a while for lunch, but that's about it in my opinion. Lots of similar restaurants in the area, so if you're into this kinda food, it's worth trying/exploring.
Not my go-to choice when it comes to cuisine, but the restaurant we wanted to come to was super full with a long wait, so we came here instead.Unique decor reminiscent of the cuisine is seen here, but things do seem a little old school. Cell service is probably the best at this restaurant as it is more open than the other restaurants in the plaza. The food is about as good as you can get elsewhere. My family got House Special Beef Noodle Soup, and I got the Lemon Grass Pork Chop Rice. I would say the food overall is okay, absolutely nothing special about it. Service was quite good though, as the staff were quick on their feet and accommodating. Probably not my top pick to come for a meal, but wouldn't mind coming back if no other choices were given.
Used to come here quite a bit over the years, but it seems to have gone downhill over the years. Ended up here when another restaurant was closed, and was pleasantly surprised to see that it was quite full. Waited for a bit, but got seated rather quickly. A very small interior space, but a good number of manageable tables. The menus are quite unique in that they are photo albums, featuring everything they have in photos. Just a little hard to navigate as they aren't really sectioned off. The photo album also hasn't changed over the years, so some of the photos are a bit outdated.My friends and I decided to go for the boat to get as much food as we could. The fish was quite fresh, but some of the sashimi cuts were so large, it wasn't that enjoyable. The sushi and rolls were amazing though. I have been here a couple times before and found that some of the items weren't that good. The gyoza especially were all soggy and flat. Not recommended. The service was absolutely horrendous though. We weren't given tea when we sat down, and had to ask for it! Our soup and salad came, but we didn't have chopsticks of napkins either. I asked for chopsticks, thinking the server would give us both, but only came with chopsticks. I then had to ask again for napkins. Towards the end of our meal, I requested some more tea, which the same server from earlier forgot. I asked again, just to give her the benefit of the doubt, but she forgot again. She would listen to my request, but then immediately go to do something else! I could tell she was getting annoyed with me asking her multiple times, but if she decided to use her brain, none of this would have happened... Overall, the servers all seemed to hate that they were there and were not very friendly at all. A good place for some a la carte Japanese food, but I would be careful what you order, and beware of the service. The sushi and rolls saved their star rating.
Was craving some Korean food and found this restaurant in my area, and was excited to try it out as it was supposed to be quite authentic. A nice space, but a little dimly light. Came here later in the evening with a friend, and decided to go for the table cooking BBQ. Despite the later time, the restaurant was still quite busy.We went for the beef table cooking, and was really good. Gave you all the accompanying ingredients for your lettuce wrap with lots of options. The beef was delicious, and cooked nicely by the servers. They even explained how to best cook it. The meal for two came with a Pork Bone Soup as well and it was very flavourful and spicy, just the way I like it!The servers were all very nice, and checked on the table quite often. Came to help cook the beef, give us more ingredients, and just ask how the experience was.Definitely enjoyed the experience and will be back to try the pork belly! Kamsahamnida!
Honestly, I dread coming to the plaza and eating here as there never seems to be parking and no one ever understands that one back road is one way only, but I gotta admit that coming to Deer Garden isn't always bad. I'm always happier after I have a big bowl of noodles.Of all the noodle bars in the area, Deer Garden is one of the better ones for me. Good variety in all aspects of the bowl: soup base, noodles, and ingredient options. There are a numerous amount of different combinations you can create. Side dishes are quite good as well, but are not included in the bowl price. You do have to pay a little extra, but the pork cutlet and chicken wings area all good.With a beverage that comes with, you have an option of cold or hot. My brother brought up an amazing point where the noodles are quite hot, and as you eat the bowl, you get warmer and warmer. It is probably a good idea to get a cold drink with your bowl, as it will help cool you down as you eat! Definitely something to keep in mind! #lifehacksThe only downside to this restaurant is that there is ALWAYS an enormous wait. Lines for days, and then some! If you have a larger party (more than 4 or 5 even), I would most definitely recommend reserving a table. Service isn't too bad here, but the servers aren't usually in the most cheerful mood as they always seem to be in a rush and quite stressed. I can imagine how they feel with such a busy restaurant though, so I can't exactly blame them for it.Overall a decent priced noodle bar that you can visit, granted you get a parking spot and then a table. Definitely worth a try as it is one of the better quality restaurants in the area for noodles!
We went there for my son birthday.  He wanted Mac and cheese... And there had a smokey bacon Mac and cheese.  He said he preferred mom's...  Which is made from some aged cheddar and havarti and sometime other cheeses depending what we have on hand.  I tried it too and the was very little bacon and no smokiness at all.  For $13 the portion was rather small.  Must have been $11 profit for them... C'mon you could have put more effort into it.  I ordered the honkin beef ribs.  Very tender but as Gordon Ramses would say... Did you taste it... It had not enough seasoning and the didn't give any of the sauce on the side.  I brought it home to fix it... Added a home made BBQ sauce to reheat it.  I give the food 2.5 stars... When I go out I want to be treated to something I can't do at home... Maybe this place is fine for those who can't cook... But even my merger skills felt this place lacked in taste.  Service was good and boost the rating to 3 stars.
I've only been here for dim sum.  Food was great... you have your staples... shrimp dumplings, flat noodles, etc. Bu they also have twists on the classics and some newish items like Durian pastry.  Which has become one of our favorites.  We also love haw gow (shrimp dumplings) and the woo gawk (little taro pastries).My only complain is the place is too popular during the discount times and the line up is insane.  luckily we out wait another group and they gave up and gave us their number in line.  Otherwise we would be waiting 45+ mins. Not easy with impatient kids.
Looking for a korean restaurant and came across this one. We had a couple items we love to order when having korean.  The kalbi was under seasoned. Missing that characteristic sweet flavor... it was there just very faint. We also had the deep fried chicken with red pepper sweet and sour sauce... not what we expected... other places we've been to make it crispy... it was not here.  Perhaps need to be double fried or more starch in place of four in the dredge.  The saving grace was the pork bone soup... good amount of meat on the bones.  Value was pretty good.  Service needs improvement the staff were glued to the TV at one point. When aging for help needed to call out to them a couple times... in other restaurants the staff stand at attention scanning the room for persons with needs. When they are paying attention they are nice and helpful. Maybe just a very interesting episode of a Korean sitcom?
Great place... the focus is on the food so don't expect great decor.  The staple Cantonese dishes are very well executed and you can taste the "wok hey".  We like the seafood chow mein... nice and crispy noodles... lemon chicken while not traditional was also wonderful.  If you want to eat there get there early or you will be in for wait.
First time visit to this Sushi restaurant for a birthday party.  In my view you can bucket restaurants into 2 types: Traditional vs North American style.  I define North American style sushi as those rolls that have cream cheese or other non-traditional Japaneses ingredients.Tomo's menu is mostly traditional.  We ordered a sushi boat to get a sampling of maki and sashimi and sushi.  Firsh was nice and fresh... like the albacore... We particularly liked the Soft shell crab roll.  Tomo isn't a budget restaurant but also not on the expensive side.  Overall I would say represents decent value.If you enjoy the variety of North American style sushi you may feel a little restricted.  I prefer more traditional style sushi.We really enjoyed our dinner there and will be returning in the future.
Had birthday dinner here with a fairly large group. Decor was nice... kinda of generic modern hotel kinda decor. We had between 10-15 dishes ranging from  roast duck to dual lobsters accompanied by some rice and noodles.  The pineapple friend rice was bland... no well seasoned.  The seafood chow mien was limp... the noodle should have that characteristic crunch in the outer layers and softer in the middle.  On the plus side the stir fried lobster was good and I enjoyed the salt-pepper squid. I'd go again if I were invited but I wouldn't choose it on purpose... not because it was bad but nothing really to draw me back... It's was OK and good value. It does have a monopoly in the area.  But if you are willing to drive a little to hwy 7 and Leslie area... there are lots of restaurant with the same level of food and value.
Have had Malaysian a couple times as friend's homes and restaurants. There was one dish I really liked and inspired me to try to replicate at home.  It was a medley of seafood and chicken in saucy flat rice noodle.  Perched on tops is a raw egg yolk.  Simple rustic and yummy.  The tumeric fried chicken is very good too.  I'm not a fan of malaysian curries... but that just a matter of taste.  I'd eat here again if someone asked me to go to a malaysian place... have not been back since the renovations...
Had a number of items here.  Wanton noodle, triple beef noodle and a pork bun and beef Sesame crispy pancake.  It's was not to my liking. The wantons were not as good as those from the grocery store in terms of flavor of content.  There was not much beef in the beef noodle.  The noodles were freshly made and as expected don't have much chew.  So if you prefer them style noodle you may not like these.  I did like the pancake item... It's like a scallion pancake minus the scallions... And with lots of roses Sesame seeds and chopped beef.
4 stars because it is very good value for the quantity and decent quality of food. Of course you don't go in expecting top notch sushi, but for the price you pay, it is a good deal. I would recommend this over sapporo sushi around the corner. This isn't a place I would go to if I want excellent sushi, but it gives you a quick sushi fix. Plus their bento boxes give a nice variety of food. Customer service is horrible with the woman basically screaming at me, but I don't go into these restaurants expecting much in terms of service so I didn't mind.
I don't know if I would rave about this place like the other reviewers. The sashimi was okay. It didn't seem that fresh. I ordered the dragon roll and the unagi on top was overcooked and fishy. The rainbow roll was okay. Nothing spectacular. The hardest to stomach was the sashimi. It didn't seem that fresh. Maybe it was my fault for coming on a weekday so the fish was old? I would say that this place is comparable to senbazuru, but I would much rather go there. It has a nicer atmosphere and the fish seems fresher. The rolls here have more flavour though. It's nice that they do serve miso soup, salad and ice cream here. Maybe because I compare every sushi place to MiNe sushi, which is the best sushi I've had in the York Region area...I find it difficult to enjoy sushi from other restaurants.
I'm not usually a fan or know too much about Indian food, but I really liked this place. I'm usually turned off from Indian food because of the spice blends, so I might not be the best judge in terms of authenticity, but in terms of overall flavour, this was quite enjoyable. I ordered the tandoori chicken and it was huge! It was like eating half a chicken. The Naan was also very good. My only complaint was the service, which was quite slow. I give it 4 stars because I enjoyed my meal, but I can't really comment on authenticity because I'm not exposed to enough Indian food.
This review is for their dinner menu. I'm not a fan of their breakfast items and would give that 2 stars. This place is the best to go for a cheap, super quick and fulfilling dinner. Their items are always sizzling hot and very flavourful. You can tell that their food is cooked using a really hot wok to maximize on flavour.  I also enjoy their desserts, which isn't diluted with water then thickened back up with corn starch. Service is very quick and you're really in and out of there so it's great if you're in a rush and want something yummy.
I ordered their afternoon tea menu items and thought they were a bit bland. The spaghetti bolognese had a lot of noodles but was skimpy on sauce, and the deep fried fish , while crispy had a weird fishy flavour. Maybe I need to try.the sizzling plates that everyone here is raving about. Overall for the prices, the food is decent and I think better than other hk style diners.
This is the best sushi I've had. I even crave their California rolls because they take it to the next level. It is pricey, but this is an example of you get what you pay for.
Walking into to the restaurant, you are welcomed with a clean, nicely designed and friendly staff. Compared to other restaurants at similar price points, this place was quite impressive in decor. In terms of food, I found it to be good. It wasn't spectacular, but I would come back again. I found that there wasn't too much msg in their food and it was clean tasting, though others may interpret that as being bland. I liked that the server took the time to wait to bring us our milk teas at the end instead of throwing them on the table like most places immediately. I ordered fhe beef and tomato noodles. The beef was tender and the tomatoes were actually peeled! I wasnt expecting that. Overall, this was a nice quiet place that was very comfortable and good food at a reasonable price.
Compared to the Vietnamese place across the street in the Food Basics plaza, this one is better, but definitely not a place I would choose when I'm craving Vietnamese even though it's minutes from my house. I've tried two dishes here. The first was the spring roll vermicelli, which I found to be bland. I even had to ask for two bowls of fish sauce because the sauce itself seemed too diluted. In terms of the pho, I was not a fan of their noodles. The texture reminded me too much of Chinese noodles.
Overpriced for the quality of the drinks. It's nice and spacious inside though and there are outlets for laptops. I wouldn't go there to eat though because the food is overly salty and spiced. As for the drinks, I find that they're not properly mixed as many times I can feel the powder particles.
The prime burger was so good! I especially liked that I didn't feel like falling into a coma right after because it wasn't overly heavy or salty. I also liked the simplicity of the toppings and sauce they added. The buns were also really good without being overly dense or airy. Most importantly, you can tell that they use real beef! None if those 'patties' There was also sufficient char. I'm so glad to have tried this place and will be coming again. Thanks yelp for the 5 dollar burger binge!
Nice large burger with fresh toppings. I liked the lettuce and tomatoes, but I found the meat a bit like the frozen pattys from the supermarket. It didnt seem like freshly pure ground beef. I also would've liked more char in the burger. Overall I still enjoyed it over McDonald's and Burger King, but I wouldn't rank it as highly as the other reviewers
Pretty nice place considering its kind of in a crappy plaza, lots of parking and excellent customer service, came here twice and I believe it is a mom and pop place....its a korean owned japanese place serving both food types...we tried 3 of their bento boxes and they are very very filling, they give you miso soup salad, noodle soup, fried tofu and spicy white carrot with fish....generous portions and pretty good food, loved their temperas and we got the tataki sushi which was hmmm hmm hmmmmm, prolly one of the best sushi places in richmond hill....also this is not a ayce place, their quality trumps those ayceWill come back again
Pretty huge place with lots of seating, it's kind of like a fast food style place where you go up to the counter to order....the employees were pleasant to explain to me what I should get, got the sultan which u get a filet mignon and beef skewer, comes with a generous amount of rice and salad, didn't really like the naan as much, too breadyAlso got the chicken breast which was good, rmb to ask them to get the white dipping sauce, that was good
Ordered the sharwama dinner plate and falafel in a pita, absolutely delicious and good portions altho a little price for example the sharwama was $12.75 and the falafel was $9 for a combo with fries and a drink....will need to come back to try their burgers
Good food at reasonable prices but the service needs a serious makeover. Was barely served and we waited forever to get our bill so just decided to goto the front desk and get our billI prefer the warden location better, food  and service is better
Havent been to this place in years and I can say that it has gone downhill....quality kind of slipped, the pad thai tasted something similar to spring rolls, very sweet and tangy which it shouldn't be....we also go the yellow curry which tasted like Chinese curry that you could get in a HK café, portions are big and price for their lunch specials is not bad, like $9 each, but still quite disappointing and the curry chicken tasted like old chicken, dry and rigid
Cheap lunch specials, long waits and only 1 server for the entire place, you get what you paid for mediocre sushi with sashimi that is cut into really thick pieces, I honestly didn't think the quality was good at all, the wait for the food took a long time, so many better places to go to for sushi in the area, I'd skip this place
This was a new place that recently open....decor was nice and simply altho I think the BBQ area didnt really match the flow of the decor A lot of variety in ur typical HK cafe with fried rice, noodles and stuff....they have a lunch menu with limited selection ranging from $7-$10 which all come with a drinkWe orders the spicy pork lo mein which was pretty good, sweet and spicy, got the deep fried turnip which wasn't too good compared to the other place I've been too...the other dish we ordered was the baked chicken filet in bread loft with Portuguese sauce, presentation looked pretty neat, it's a huge bread loft loaded with rice inside but quality of the food was terrible....sauce was bland, chicken was fatty and too fried and the bread was just overly filling, we didn't even eat the bread at all after tasting itFor the price you pay for I rather goto oceans seafood across the streetThis place is all about presentation but the quality of food is not good
Limited variety of dim sum with nice presentation but lacks quality, honestly this place looks fancy and all but it just doesn't taste all that good, the beef and shrimp roll were nothing special, lobster steamed bun had no lobster but instead shrimp inside the steam bun which tasted kind of odd, siu mi is meh and I hated the vegetable dumpling even tho it look cute and all....expect it to be a little more pricer than other places and I suggest you skip this place and go to the other places...oh yea they also have a seafood market connected to the restaurant which sells a lot of frozen and fresh seafood
ummmmm sooo I think this place reuses their meat if uncooked because for a lot of the meats that we told them we could not eat, without hesitation the server immediately says no problem and takes it back to the kitchen....we had several dishes of uncooked meats where only half was leftover was taken back to the kitchen by the server, so it leaves me to suspect that they reuse the meat.....so that leaves thatif you ought to know this is not an authentic Korean bbq place as its clearly owned by Chinese people...their meat choice is either chicken, beef or pork and when you goto a authentic Korean bbq place in ktown, they definitely serve more than just those meats...for the price you pay its not worth coming here, the sushi tasted terrible as the rice overpowered the tiny little piece of fish in the sushi....the only good thing about this place was the unlimited green tea ice cream.....good bye chako, you will never take a dollar from me again
its your typically HK style cafe with breakfast, lunch and afternoon tea specialsnothing really speciall about this place although they try to make the decoration look trendy with green day and other rock and roll posters on the walls....portions are average size and i believe its a lil bit pricy than other places like ocean seafood and richmond hill court, for example cantonese chow mein is $9.95. If you want cold drinks its a dollar more. Btw dont come on tuesdays because they are closedI would probably come back here again but if I wear to choose between ocean seafood and here, I would goto oceans
I've been to this place at least 20ish times and I always forget to write my reviewI've been here since the place opened like maybe a year half ago and in the beginning this was the place to be for cheap delicious and generous portion of HK food....their lunch specials were reasonable priced and included a hot drink of ur choice, but as the months went by I found the quality to dwindled down where i had several upset stomach after eating their food.....I also found that after eating the food I was soooo thirsty and it was prolly due to too much msg used, their prices have also gone up a bit like maybe 50 cents moreI rarely come to this place anymore and I will probably keep it that wayThere are much better places to goto that are within minutes away from this place like k&k cafe and congee queen
Ordered the braised pork combo and the beef and tripe thick noodlesThe combo came with 3 side veggies dishes, oranges, egg and soup....the braised pork was okay, nothing special and a bit too saltyThe beef in the noodles weren't that tender and the tripe was chewy Wouldn't come back to this place
Came to this place for a drink...pretty small place, use to be a wings placePitcher of Sapporo was $17 bucksPlace kind of smelled funny like a toiletWe didn't bother ordering anything else
Cheap greasy food that is filled with MSG....I was so thirsty after eating their food, even tho their prices are cheap I rather save my money and pay a bit more to eat somewhere else then this crap
Pretty clean and large place, first time at this nak won as I always goto the fMp one....menu is pretty similar, this place has ayce korean BBQ for $26.99 but we were just here for lunchGot the bulgogi and the pork bone soupPretty good, lots of side dishes to choose from, service was good, had the door bell to ring
I have always went to Sapporo sushi which is in the same plaza and thought I give this place a try, reminder to self, stay with Sapporo from now onThis place has a lot of variety with a lot of bento box selections but quality wise, it isn't up to par with SapporoService is kind of slow here since they only had one waiter to cater for so many tables We ordered the sashimi and eel dinner box, eel was not bad but the sashimi just didn't taste fresh too me, it wasn't fully sliced either...we also got the white Christmas roll which was a disasterrrrrrrrr to pick up, it falls apart immediate in Gravity, we were not aware that it had no rice and was substituted with fake crab meat, it tasted horrible and cost $11 bucks for that crapMaybe we picked the wrong items or something but I'm sticking with Sapporo
Its your typical Chinese western style restaurant with pork chop and steak. Ordered the curry veal which was pretty salty, the waitress were nice enough to exchange our dish with another but generally speaking all 3 of our dishes was nothing special and a little bit pricy...oh yea they also offer complementary soup, so we got the crème soup that came with shredded crackers on top....the crackers were stale, thought dickens would have better quality food but they went down hill just like how this plaza is going down hill as well
First off the parking here sucks ass....u can't park at the bottom because you will get ticketed since this business is not apart of that parking lot, the rest of the parking in this shit plaza is like 80% reserved for other businesses so good luck getting parking on a weekend yet alone on a holiday......We waited 20mins and we noticed ppl who came after us got seated before us and this happened at least 3 times which I guess is because they knew the workers there...also saw some people give the workers red pockets......anyways the food was pretty good here, pricy but worth it, the BBQ pork rice is a must try, it's not on the menu so u have to tell the waiterService here kind of sucks, I see the waiters and waitress mainly serving the customers whom they know compared to us, will come back but I rather come with my mom next time since she knows the manager here so we can get a quicker seat and free tea lol
This place should not be affiliated with the Thai basil in downtown at ALLL....first off it doesn't even look like its run by Thai ppl....second the food I ordered is like Chinese style Thai food...my frd ordered the mango chicken and he said he rather goto Manchu wok....pad thai I ordered had too much sauce and it was sour, nvr again will I come to this place for Thai food....I gave it 2 stars because of the decor and that's it
Pretty fancy place inside, quite a few chandlers and they have 2 private room, it's a small place tho, they don't take reservations unless more than 6 ppl, we waited 45mins on a Monday night....major language barrier if you don't speak mandarin or fluent cantonese, the waitress couldn't even understand me when I requested more tea......service is pretty shitty here, they barely came over to take our empty plates awayOn the good note, the food comes out reallyyyyy quick surprisingly, the duck was the highlight of the night obviously since this place specializes in duck....the duck was very juicy and tender, extra wraps are $4 for 10 ppl, the homemade noodles were good as well, other than that everything was either mehhhhh and nahhhhhhPretty pricy of you don't have a VIP card here, thankful we had oneI would only come back here just for the duck and the noodlesOh yea another good think about this place is that they have a picture menu book for us illiterates lol
you get a big old bowl of noodles that is perfect for a cold winter day. Its like chipotle where you build your own bowl of noodles from the toppings to the soup base. I honestly didnt really like my soup base which was the first one on the list cause it didnt have much flavour to it but my girlfriends was not bad. I kept on adding salt and pepper to mine to bring out some flavour. The curry and laksa looked good from the table beside. You also get a hot drink with your noodles.
Good drinks (pricy tho compared to pmall), shitty crappy microwave food, I had the pan fried noodle which tasty like yeaterdays leftovers in the microwave, This place should be nice and clean and it's still nice but I can't say much about cleanliness...chairs and pillows all have stains
This take-out Chinese dessert place has funky hours - 7PM to Midnight?! There used to be tables for dining-in, but now it's purely take-out. Their most popular items are variations of durian or mango desserts. Apparently their durian desserts are amazing. I wouldn't know because the smell of the odorous fruit makes me sick, but my boyfriend loves it. He ordered the durian sago, and sheesh.. his breath was just reeking of durian, even gum/mint didn't help. I ordered the almond/walnut paste with glutinous sesame ball. It was piping hot, I burnt my tongue on the first sip. The sesame ball was still nice and chewy - be careful when biting into it, burn alert! Prices are reasonable, and parking easy to find outside because no other store at this mall is open at the same hours.
Looking at the name, you'd never guess this to be a dim sum spot. The Chinese name translates into Fisherman's Wharf, but the interior certainly looks more like a ballroom. The restaurant is adorned with crystal light fixtures and statues, not to mention it's also so huge inside you can see the whole ballroom no matter where you're sitting. We were told to wait 10 minutes by the entrance even though I can clearly see empty tables inside. The line wasn't ridiculous, but most people were trying to make it inside for the early-bird (before 11AM) special, where S, M and L dishes are priced at $3.00 each. The Good:1. BBQ Pork Pastry - Each serving has 3 pieces. The pork wasn't overly sweetened and I could tell that it was freshly baked because of how fluffy the pastry was. 2. Milk Egg Tart w/ Birds Nest - Be careful not to burn your tongue (like me)! This dessert was served piping hot. The pastry was nice and flaky & the filling was made perfectly. 3. Eel Rice Roll - The skin of the rice roll has a nice and chewy texture, not over-steamed. The eel filling is something I haven't seen in other dim sum places, and went well with the rice roll.4. Crab Filling Dumpling - The skin was perfect, as was the filling (crab meat & egg white mixture) The A-OK:1. Har Gow (Shrimp Dumpling) - The shrimp itself was fine, but the skin was over cooked, soggy and broke very easily. I had to eat the skin and the shrimp separately. 2. Beef Tendon - Simmered in a puddle of oil. Not a big fan. 3. Chicken Bun - Small in size and very dry, not impressed with the texture. Once seated, service was quick and our server was nice enough to rush our orders in before the 11AM deadline. Overall, one of the better dim sum places I've been to in the GTA. I'll be back for more early bird dim sum!
If you're looking for decent a la carte sushi, Tomo is the place to be. This Korean run sushi joint may not be authentic but they know how to create innovative and delicious sushi. My favorite is the baked lobster roll. Six pieces of sushi is covered with a mountain of lobster sashimi and mushroom, drizzled in spicy mayo. I could keep ordering this and eat this all day! The sashimi and sushi boats are a good deal if you have someone to share the goodies with. The sashimi selection is very standard (ie. salmon, red tuna, snapper, white tuna) - nothing that really stood out. Everyone gets complimentary crunchy noodle soup as an appetizer, which is a nice touch. Some minor issues:1. The tea cup is super hot, I had to wait till my tea was almost cold to hold it. They should invest in thermal resistant cups, if that's what they're even called..2. Service could have been better. Servers were constantly yelling at each other in Korean and rushing, making the ambience a little stressful.
Turtle Jack's is packed on Friday night! It was difficult even finding a parking spot in the little plaza it's located in.Here's a summary of what went down:1. Very dark inside - not sure whether they're trying to give off a romantic vibe or trying to make it difficult for you to see what you're eating. 2. My Blackened Basa was a little bit dry but went well with the potato puree and guacamole on top3. Friend #1 thought that his Bison Meatloaf was way too salty. 4. Friend #2 thought that his burger was very dry 5. Friend #3 thought that her buffalo fingers were 'meh' 6. Servers are very friendly and didn't mind splitting bills for us.Prices are similar to Jack Astor's, Moxies, Montanas and Earls, but food was truly 'meh'.
Finally got to try out the infamous, award-winning HK milk tea at Marathon! This location can be tough to spot as it is tucked away in a little plaza. The interior is dark and you'll need to order up at the counter, take a number and seat yourself. According to my friends from Hong Kong, this is how it is back at home. The grungy atmosphere with TVs playing old drama and elderly folks reading the newspaper. I ordered wontons with instant noodles with an additional order of egg sandwiches ($1.50 extra). This combo came with the milk tea for a total of $6.75 plus tax. The milk tea is rich and creamy - I can definitely taste the award winning feature of this drink. I will be trying the iced version next time! As for the food, it's your standard HK cafe style dishes. You can't really go wrong with instant noodles and wonton. Needless to say, I will be back to try out more items on the menu!
Ten of us came to All Star Wings for a birthday dinner, and to be honest, I wasn't so keen on coming here because I experienced severely dry/tiny wings at their Woodbine location, but this location left me pretty da*n impressed! The restaurant was PACKED as it was a Saturday night, and the UFC game was on. So there were many people standing around, loud and a lil' drunk. This brings us to WHY I was so impressed with our waitress. She was somehow able to zig zag through the hoards of people blocking her path and kept our drinks refilled, at the same time constantly checking up on how we were doing. She had no problem giving us separate bills, and had such an upbeat attitude we might as well call this place All-Smiles Wings. We ordered 100 wings to share, and they were so GOOD. Nothing like the Woodbine location, the wings were longer than my thumb and very meaty & tender. There are so many flavors to choose from - some with complicated names, that our server was happy to explain what they actually were. What's there not to love when good food is complemented with good service? I'm a fan!
Me and my friends could not, for the life of us, find where this tiny cafe was located. Oh, then we saw that their sign light was not on.. we needed a good walk after dinner anyways. I was surprised at the lack of choice offered for macaroon flavours, and to be honest the flavour pairing was a bit strange (ie. pistachio raspberry) With only four flavours to choose from, I picked the Pistachio berry and Espresso. They didn't taste that fresh - Maybe it's because it's been in the fridge all day since the morning. Meh, would not come back.
I come back here time after time because they are one of the best Chinese restaurants I've been to in Toronto (GTA). The prices can be a little higher than the average Chinese restaurant in China Town, but the quality is excellent. I can't say the service is the best during peak dim sum hours, but food comes to your table pretty fast! I frequent Yang's for dinner too, and they are surprisingly packed during dinner as well. During my last visit, I booked a private room for my dad's 60th birthday and the minimum cost of  your meal needs to be over $400 to be able to even reserve the room. Well, 60 is a big number so we reserved a room for my dad - the general manager came to greet us and put together a set menu for us (five people in total) and it came out to be $1228.00 including tax. He indicated that they would only charge 6.5% tax if we paid by cash, which I thought was a good deal considering the set menu included dishes like abalone, birds  nest and shark fin soup. One of my favourite dishes is the Thousand Island sauce shrimp balls (see pic) and the sea cucumber.. hmmmm yummm! I'm a regular!
I've never been to their other chain stores, but this location by Yonge/Finch is small with limited variety of products. It's a little like a convenient store, except the products are Korean. I come here for emergency grocery shopping, otherwise items here are priced higher than the average grocery store. They have plenty of cooked items to choose from - sushi to Korean glass noodles. They also sell bread and cake! I wouldn't suggest buying any raw meat here, it does not look very fresh. I just stick to the pre-packaged items!
Holy Moly this place is so BUSY! I've never actually been to another Congee Wong location that's this spacious and still has a huge lineup at the same time. The food is pretty much the same as other locations except that their radish cake is noticeably more soggy. This location stands out because they have BBQ meat available, ready to be chopped up and served to your table! We tried the mixed platter and the crispy skin pork is soo delicious! The duck meat on the other hand was too salty for my preferences..The service here is a lot better than any other location I've been to. Servers here are very attentive and efficient given how busy they are. They've only been open for two months, hopefully they can keep their upbeat attitude consistent! I'll definitely be back when I'm in the area! Chinese fast food with good service? Come on, where do you find that these days?
Had a craving for Chinese desserts, and the other place in Time Square wasn't open, so gave this place a shot. Didn't come in with high expectations and still left feeling underwhelmed. 1. Almond Paste - severely watered down, I also didn't like the powdery texture2. Sesame Glutinous Balls - Overcooked & sesame paste inside tasted somewhat like cardboard3. Slow Service - even when there's only two other tablesI guess I didn't order anything "healthy" but I'm not tempted to try anyways. The Good:- Free Wifi- 10% off if you show your student card ID - Easy parking - Open late night- Herbal Tea supposingly will cool your 'internal fire' *Insert "not impressed" meme*
I'm sad that this Hotpot All-You-Can-Eat has gone downhill since the last time I came by. I had wanted to write them a four star review but they are nowhere close to that any longer. First off, they do NOT honor their Yelp checkin offer, so don't bother showing your server who will take your phone to the owner who claims to know nothing about it. Second, they used to serve chrysanthemum tea or plum juice which is the norm when dining at a Hotpot restaurant, but we only get water now! There are tables reserved for people playing Mah Jong in their back rooms, so even when we reserved a table the gamblers in the back were still given first priority - our group of ten ended up sitting at two separate tables because the big round table was also "reserved". There's not much to say about the quality since it is an AYCE restaurant, don't expect quality meat. I was also disappointed that they took a few of my favorite items off the menu - chewy glass noodles for one.. I need suggestions on decent Hotpot restaurants in the GTA because I LOVE Hotpot and don't want to resort to coming back here..
Not that I"m in the mood to write bad reviews today, but Hi-Pot was an extremely underwhelming experience. I've taken into account that AYCE hot pot places are known for food never arriving and slow service, but this place had all those attributes PLUS: 1. Toughest Beef ever2. No drinks (just tap water). No refills on pop or plum juice (one complimentary)3. My luncheon meat never showed up after three separate orders4. Lack of sauce options (I like the sauce tray offered at 100 Degrees much better)5. Hard to find parking in the plaza6. Must reiterate the slow slow serviceI prefer 100 Degrees over HiPot any day. 100 Degrees opens till 5AM too! This place will be added to my Stay Away List!
My wife and I had dinner here last night.  The place has a great ambience, style and excellent service.  However, I found the food lacking.  It was my first time there, so I won't fully discount it yet.  But the pizza I had was mostly all dough with very little taste.On a plus note, I overheard the ladies att he table next to us complain about their pasta.  The manager immediately made them a new dish,Great service, but mediocre food.
My wife and I just finished an early Sunday dinner here.  We were in the mood for some great pizza, and Yelp led us to this little gem we wouldn't have found otherwise.I had the quattro pizza and she had the vegan friendly pasta.  Both very delicious meals.This place was surprisingly very upscale on the inside,  even though the outside is a bit misleading.Food was fantastic, but a tad overpriced which is why the 4 stars.  Will definitely be back at some point.**UPDATE** It's been 2 days since I've been here and I've been sick both days from something I ate.  Not food poisoning,  but something here did not agree with me at all.
Service is phenomenal, buy food wasn't that great - especially for the price.The other problem was the accuracy of their website.  We checked it out beforehand and found a few great vegan dishes (my wife is vegan), but when we showed up they said it was an old menu and couldn't be made.  Not sure why such a high end restaurant wouldn't stay on top of their site, especially if certain dishes are no longer available.However, they did try their best to accommodate us, but it wasn't the same.We wish them the best, but likely won't be back...
This place continually impresses me.  It's a bit pricey, but boy do they give you a lot of food.  Every time we order takeout, I'm surprised at how much stuff they give you and we are always full afterwards.On top of that, the service is great, food is fresh and delicious and the menu is very creative.
Stopped by here last Friday for dinner for 4 people.  I'd previously been to the Mississauga location and enjoyed it, so thought I'd try this new spot out.  The other 3 had never been to a Scaddabush.Here are my thoughts:- DECOR:  Amazing.  They did a phenomenal job redesigning the place from the previous Alice Fazoolis - FOOD:  Really good.  I had the big meatball and spaghetti and very much enjoyed it.- SERVICE:  one of the best waitor I've ever had.  He was thorough, knowledgeable, attentive and most of all quite humorous.My only somewhat negative was the wait time.  When we called they said it was be a 30-40 min wait, with no reservations.  When we got there it wasn't very packed and they seated us rather quickly.  From taking a quick glance, there were still many empty seats in the place.  Likely because it's a relatively new restaurant.Overall, a great experience.   Will definitely be back.
Was driving by and decided to stop in for some takeout.  First impression was this place is extremely dirty.  Floors are gross, tables not properly cleaned, crabs stuffed in an aquarium that's filthy, and overall very old.Won't be coming back.
I fell in love with this place when a friend took me to the mississauga location a couple years ago.  The food is very good, well priced and different enough than the norm when you want to change things up.So happy they finally opened a location in Richmond Hill.The only reason I didn't give it a 5 is because they don't accept credit card.  Debit or cash only.Other than that, it's a full 5!
Okay food, but horrible service.  I found the staff to be quite rude and likely will never return.On top of that:- The soup my wife ordered melted on the way home and spilt all over our car- The meal my wife ordered made her quite sick- One of the appetizers we ordered was not in our bag when we got home.The sad part is, our favourite restaurant up the street called Sweet Basil recently shit down, and now this is the only alternative.  More selection needed in this neighbourhood.
Fantastic service, but I found the burgers to be a bit too greasy and felt a bit gross afterwards. I really wish they offered antibiotic free, hormone free meat.  I think I've been spoiled by hero burger which remains as one of my favourites.  However, the staff here are extremely nice.  Don't think I'll be going back, but others may have a different experience.
I came here for an early dinner with my wife today.  It was my first time and her 3rd.  My wife is a vegan that is allergic to dairy,  so it can be challenging at times to find a place she will enjoy. The food was amazing.  We had the tandoori mushrooms, sagh with potatoes,  garlic naan and biriyani rice.  I highly recommend the Tandoori mushrooms!Highlights:- food tasted great and was not greasy at all- being a new restaurant everything is brand new and very clean.  Extremely hygienic!- The service was the best part.  Our waitor "Ali" was extremely friendly and even remembered my wife from her first visit.  She's pregnant, and he even remembered the gender of the child from their previous conversation weeks prior along with the fact that she had specific food restrictions.  I have to admit I was a bit hesitant at first based on some other reviews I read about price and them constantly trying to get you to buy alcohol and pricier dishes.  This was not the case at all.  I even asked the waiter what he recommended and he was very honest.My one negative was the pricing was a bit high and the portion sizes were quite small, but I guess someone has to pay for the nice decor :)Overall, a pleasant experience and good food - but Bombay Bhel down the street still remains as my favourite spot in the area for Indian food!***** Update as of July 1, 2015 *****I came here with our family for a late Sunday lunch.  From our previous visits to now, the quality has deteriorated quite a bit.  The decor is still stunning,  but the food quality is not what it was a couple months ago.  The food was extremely salty, bland and I felt extremely bloated afterwards.   While the prices are still quite high.  I think going forward I'll be sticking with my original favourite int he area - Bombay Bhel down the street.
This place has quickly become one of my go-to spots for some great comfort food.  Being of Caribbean decent, I'm a bit picky when it comes to the food, but this place is 100% authentic and tasty!Not only is the food great, but Anneal himself is one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet.Highly recommend if ever in the area.
I use to come here in the 90's when I went to high school down the street.  I remember it being good, and recently tried it again.long story short, I found a LONG piece of hair in my soup.  This wasn't just a small hair but more like a foot long piece of black hair.  I nearly puked.I will never return!
We've lived a 5 minute walk from this restaurant for years and even frequently visit the plaza its in (for Benjamin Moore & Subway) without ever paying attention to it.  A friend told us about it so we checked it out and WOW is it ever good.  It doesn't look like much from the outside but the inside is very nice and the food is to die for.  We now order takeout from here at least once every 2 weeks!Great place... Enjoy!!
This is one of the suburban GTA Starbucks, which automatically translates to lower turnover of customers and a much quieter seating area. I find myself here often on weekends getting my studying on, my one wish is that they could have a few more outlets, though they do try to provide so it isn't so much a lack of effort rather than the building design. The staff here are fairly pleasant though I do have to say that I have met some friendlier baristas. Like most Starbucks, they have good service and are a good option for those looking to enjoy a quiet drink in the morning. Only wish that the restaurants in the surrounding area would improve in quality, but for a short walk to Hwy 7 and Chalmers some can be had. Close to a Viva stop so if you are really craving food you could bus over to Time square or Commerce Gate/West Beaver Creek.
This intersection is becoming plaza central for all things asian and student related.Over the three times I have been here since they moved locations, I have noticed that they shine with their Vermicelli based dishes rather than their pho options. I found that their bun is well balanced without the overly greasy portions of meat that often appear at viet restaurants. However that being said their pho broth is ridiculously fat based and I gagged when I tried my gf's pho which she also did not enjoy.I've had better, but I've also had worse. This is definitely a case of specialization and picking the right order is the key to a good meal.
Went here for the dim sum after seeing it on a previous trip to ambassador. Order: Various bean curd rolls (fairly good, not standout but not disappointing)Bean curd and gluten (best dish by far, love the curry and sweet and sour bean curds, also most expensive)Eggplant and black beanSiu Mai (texture doesn't hit the spot, best consumed quickly noticed that it dried quickly)Shrimp dumpling (shrimp is not quite the same, imagine imitation crab texture)Beef balls (great texture, emulates the real thing quite well)Cheung fan (filled with diced tofu, wished the tofu would actually stay in it though)Turnip cake (quite starchy, it is nothing to rave over)Custard & egg dumpling (Very tasty, definitely keep your eye on as they go quickly!)Overall cost $45 for five people, not too bad and to be honest we ordered a bit too much too so it could have been even cheaper.Definitely coming here again!
Absolutely love this place, used to go every weekend. I've only stop as I am not long in the area for 2/3 of the year and I know just how bad this food choice in terms of healthy eating. If you are looking for great shwarmas and falafels this is one of the best in the GTA. I have yet to try the rice plates, but one of my friends make that his main order.They offer both whole wheat and white pita bread and customizing your fillings is extended beyond what you can see in the main assembly area if you take the time to ask. The prices are on the expensive side if you have become accustommed to the prices offered downtown T.O, however considering the quality of the food served I'm not complaining. The falafel starts at ~5 and the Shwarmas are ~7.The environment has been through an expansion so there is always a place to sit which is great especially when I have asked for extra hot sauce which seems to seep through the pita really quickly (not a fault of Joe's) Great for a once in a while treat if you are watching your health, but definitely a treat that should be taken in.
If you are looking for a quick and very cheap lunch this is the place to go. It is a small restaurant so come early for lunch if you want a seat especially on weekdays as it is very popular with students. Lunch menu is served with a milk tea and has a pretty good selection for such a small place. I would love to recommend that you come here again but then I'd be out of a seat =P
I went a few weeks ago, considering the lack of indonesian/malaysian restaurants in the GTA this came off as being good. It is a shame that their location is in a slight depression making it very difficult to notice this restaurant if you aren't paying attention.I ordered the green seafood curry with a large spiciness factor, they managed to make it decently spicy. The distribution of seafood in the curry was good and the texture was on the firm side could have been left on the stove a bit longer but it is acceptable.I got the chicken skewers which were a modified form of sate. they claimed it would be very spicy, but I found it was maybe a medium at most.As for the drink I chose to get the mango milk shake (it was a while ago so I'm not sure what it was called on the menu) and I found this to be quite good if a bit too sweet. Obviously due to the lack of density, the price of making these foods is higher considering the serving sizes. The overall price for the lunch combo was ~$15. Overall, I would go here again. I can only hope that there is an expansion of this food niche to bring the prices down.
I haven't been to this place since 2010, if anything drastic has changed about it I'm probalby behind on that.Lunch menu here is well priced, I find that it is probably the most popular section of their menu which is a shame because it also has the most mainstream foods available. Dinner Menu: I've had their nasi lemak and their other Malay foods and I found them to be good for canadian standards (I have an indonesian background). Their prices are quite high for dinner but considering their cuisine it is nothing out of the ordinary (unfortunately). Overall, I find that this place is a good stop for those who want to tryout malay food. However if you are looking to expand your malaysian food repertoire you'll have to suck it up and either suffer with canadian style malay food or wait till the malay food niche hits the level of popularity as thai and viet cuisine.
Went here with a dozen of my buddies, honestly was going to hit up ambassador for dim sum. The change in plan was due to one of my buddies knowing the staff at golden court.The Total Bill was just over $150! To be fair though we were able to consume somewhere in the range of 50+ dishes!Loved the dishes, the selection of tea was great and tapped into my asian background =). Only dish that I would pass on was the char siu (BBQ pork) over priced for the quantity given.3.5 Stars!
Went here with three other people. Considering the previous restaurants that have inhabited the space, it was very nice to see owl doing so well! Clearly franchising works =). The food: Order was pork bone soup, pork soon tofu, and handmade noodle w/ sliced chicken. The servings were decently sized, a bit on the pricy side but taking into account the area it was still a cheap dinner. Food quality was pretty good the handmade noodles were chewy, which I enjoyed, but they were seriously lacking on the supposed veggies that were supposed to be in the soup. The banchan was practically non existent for a table of four servings small(4') bowl of three different offerings is bound to get some negative points. The service: The staff are very friendly and although they are new, the majority of them are great working with the limited resources that the restaurant has on hand. Seriously an Asian place that doesn't serve endless tea is really short changing (unable to maintain a large enough volume of tea and not enough pitchers). Overall I would recommend coming here if heading down to yonge and finch is out of the question (take the viva if possible =D). 3.5 stars
I am amazed everyday by the expansion of frozen yogurt into Toronto, it definitely makes me very happy to see that people are switching towards slightly healthier food choices!Unfortunately, yogurty's doesn't compare to their competition in the most important part of their business. Their product is limited by the poor consistency and VERY low melting point! It would also be nice to see whether they use liquid or powder mix to produce their froyo, but given the characteristics of their product the latter is more likely.The positives of their business is the location and their hours. Price point wise they are following the trend.If I really had the urge to get some froyo I'd make a date down to head to Spadina/Bloor to hit up YoYo!Sorry Yogurty's, nothing personal, but gotta step up your game if you want my earned dollars maybe you'd get them if I still went to BSS.
Came here over the winter break to see my high school friends, also noted this as my first Canadian foray into AYCE Hot Pot!I was surprised by a few thingsPositives:Selection - Large!Flavour - Enjoyed the bases givenSpecific dish - Hand made balls were great!Negatives:Price - Steep, wallet was weeping (alliteration!)Quality - Veggies were mehFlavour - One of the bases was high on the salt spectrum.Since it is my first foray, and I am biased towards wanting to eat on the healthier end this review is not looking good for those looking to manage their BP. Would only recommend as a very once in a while treat, even then there might be some better options. Will Keep Looking!!
Loved the pasta. Kids gulped down their kids menu pasta. My son said "it's the best pasta ever." And he's picky. I had the meatball pasta, size of a tennis ball and it was moist and full of flavour. Fresh made spaghetti was al dente. We had and polanta appetizer, it didn't impress.
Since new management I don't know how many years ago, this place has been in the decline. We've been to other montanas and the richmondhill location really doesn't compare. The food just doesn't taste as good. Children's menu portion of food kept getting smaller and smaller. I am very disappointed because this is the closest montanas to us. We fell in love w it back in the days when they hired a balloon twist clown on Tuesdays. Ever since the management changed things just went downhill from there.
Can't go wrong w their soon tofu dishes. Other dishes are just so so. My FIL had the pork bone soup; I didn't taste it but he said he liked it. The staff are very nice and polite. Their side dishes could be a bit more given their prices. I'd come back for the tofu dish for sure.
Good quality sushi. Great service as well. If you want something that's not AYCE, this is a good choice.
Decent sushi at an affordable price especially their lunch menu. The server can get very busy and took a bit longer to requests for certain things. But not a big deal as long as the sushi is good. Been here many times and the taste never fails.
Your everyday neighbourhood pizza that's probably 10 times better than your regular pizza pizza but still affordable. It is always busy so be sure to order way in advance. Their pastas are mediocre.
This place is a gem, a little place in the middle of a dingy plaza. Super friendly staff and gave us free appetizers each time. Food portions are big and their lunch combos are the best value. My kids love this place. It has several booths as well as tables. Newly renovated and clean.
Very decent Japanese food. Sushi was well made with good rice consistency and taste. The presentation of food was well done. Fish was fresh. Staff were super friendly and attentive. There was a kids menu that they were trialling this weekend. I don't think it's particularly of good value, although the kids did enjoy them, especially the juice and ice cream part. The restaurant even gave us adults free ice creams too. That's how good business run. We had a great dinning experience. We will come back again for sure. Prob will try their Korean food next time as well.
I know that some of the dishes in this restaurant may not be the greatest. But the two times that I've been there I've always ordered the same beef noodles with thick hand pulled noodles. It reminds me of my childhood beef noodles back home, in Asia. I'd give this noodle dish a five star. It was awesome..... But I know the rest of the noodle items were just not bad, however my kids still loved it. The grilled items are not that great although they are priced fairly low, I wouldn't even waste money on them. I don't know if it's true but I taste a lot of MSG. I didn't mind it for my noodles because that's how it is when you eat out. But for the kids, I'd think twice about giving them the soup from there.
Came here on Monday for my birthday and I just had the most wonderful service. Started with the young man at the front who brought us to our table. We asked him if we could get a booth instead because we had our daughter's car seat. He took care of us right away and sat us at a booth table. I wish we found out his name because he was so courteous and professional. Next, our server was amazing. She was so friendly and took care of everything for us. She even brought some carrots and celery for my daughter to chew on! I felt so happy. We really appreciated the gesture. I never had such an experience from this location. Usually we only came because it was close to where we live but now, will definitely be coming back for the service!!
Was craving for ribs and I  remembered the  all you can eat ribs. Was COMPLETELY  IRRITATED.   So we came here and the hostess was not pleasant at all. Next I told here we had a toddler and she brought us to a table where she didn't even offer a high chair.  I had to ask another server who brought one for us. Next a server came by, didn't introduce herself or anything, but just asked if we wanted drinks. After we ordered, my daughter's  food came first and she had rice with her meal. Our server didn't even bring a spoon for her.  Instead of  waiting, hubby went to the kitchen and asked for one.  Worst thing is, I felt that other guests around us were getting better service than us. Honestly, the food was great! Ribs and steak were moist and my daughter loved the chichen  fingers! But service was very disappointing and honestly I  don't  think  that  I  can come back another time with this experience in my mind. 2 stars for the food!
Really enjoyed coming here. Service was pleasant and atmosphere was comfy. They accept cash only. Food was great. Quantity and quality was perfect. Small place so depending when you go you're going to have to wait. Menu has a variety of dishes but not to much that you are overwhelmed. We ordered the curry beef and the pepper steak. Curry was a little spicy. Not a first but the more you eat, it creeps up on you. Very accommodating for babies. Down side, the bathrooms are in the mall.
Love this place! The burgers are great! People are so pleasant and they were playing reggae music to tie it all together. The burgers were juicy and cooked just enough that the edges was crispy. Love the burger sauce that they put on your burger. The combos are come with fries and can pop! Poutine is perfect with the amount of cheese and gravy. A definite must try! FYI they accept the PLATINUM PLUS card.
Craving for some noodles and decided to try this place out. Was very impressed. Place is clean, servers are nice and noodles are plenty. Reasonably priced and they give lemon water to drink! They got noodles and some snacks too. Accept cash and debit( only if spend over $20 before tax)
One of our favorite places to go for dim sum. Food was really good and the service is above-average. Really impressed when asked for cold water they provided us with cold bottled water! Something did not expect at all. Been there for dinner. Portions could be a little bit more but overall food is very good.I would definitely recommend if you're looking for a dim sum to go there!
Where do i begin? So far, after giving this place a second chance for the service...complete FAIL! The servers were absolutely terrible and they pick and choose what kind of service to whom gets it. The worse thing was we didn't even get the chace to give a proper tip and the server just wanted to take all our chance! Forget that!! I don't think you did enough to earn a $9 tip!  The only thing they had good going for them ia the food is pretty good and the portions are just enough. FYI they only accept cash. No debit or credit. If you are expecting proper hospitality service don't expect much from this place.
Really enjoyed the concept! Food was really good and service was on par! Portions were on but we needed 3 bags to get my husband and I full. Would come back
Came here with my husband for dinner and we were really disappointed. First, our server didn't provide us with utensils, wrong food was brought to us, and food was just dry. My husband asked for butter and took a good 10mins before it showed up. Next, we waited for another 10mins to pay. Felt like we were just being totally neglected. Experience was just terrible and did not even expect my minimum expectation. Never coming back.
Came here for dinner with family.  Was pretty good.  Curry was nice and hot. Enjoyed  the atmosphere and food.
I came here a couple of times to see if the service has changed and really it hasn't. I was expecting that since I was paying that much, I should at least have a server who smiles. For some reason, other tables servers were all pleasant and smiling with them, making them feel special and happy to be there. Both times my husband and I went, we went for special occasions and both times we left feeling dissatisfied and disappointed. The service I think needs to be re-evaluated by management. Maybe they need more training or maybe they need people who can do the job and not show that they are unhappy working there. The only things that I was satisfied with was the decor, which is amazing and the food, which is pretty good. We pretty much decided that if we were to be coming back, it will be for someone else's occassion.
My husband and I decided to try this restaurant. The atmosphere is really rustic. Love the lighting. Just enough to chill and have a drink or to have a nice dinner. The beers were pretty good. I'm not crazy about beer but the fact they make their own is worth a try. The poutine was OK. Nothing special. Could use a bit more gravy in my opinion. All in all, its a cool place to chill but to me, nothing special.
Came here for take out. Was really excited to find out there was a place like this so close to me. Its a small place but cozy. Parking is across the street or there is  street parking. Ordered the shark and bake and curry chicken. It was really good! Rice and peas was made perfectly. Really nice people. Make sure to ask for cutlery. Watch out for the pepper sauce! Very tastey but has a real kick!
This is the best St Louis so far! I've been to the one at Warden and hwy 7 and the one at Fairview mall, and I still think this location is the best. The servers are friendly and welcoming. Food is good and I'm able to bring my baby's car seat with me. Bathrooms are pretty clean and the area is spacious. Not cramped like the other locations. Very accommodating! Whether they are busy or slow, they really know how to do their job! Keep up the great work!
Are you in a hurry? Very hungry? Have somewhere to be afterwards and can't be late? It's probably a good idea NOT to come here, then....Judging food alone, the food is a solid 4.5/5 star. The dimsum here is fresh, beautifully presented and has tons of variety. You can always judge good dimsum from the har gow (shrimp dumplings) and the rice rolls - if the skin of the har gow or rice rolls is thin and translucent, without being flimsy, it's GOOD. And this place does that perfectly. They have great portions too! 4 har gows to a box. 4 chicken feet. Now the con...the wait. Oh my goodness, the WAIT! My party arrived at 10:40am on a Sunday, and was seated around 11:20am. The parking situation is horrendous - even the parking spots DIRECTLY in front of the restaurant are reserved for other units in the building! You have to park down the hill, and schlep over from across the street, over the grassy/muddy hill.Service is fine - clearly the servers are hurried to get people in and out as fast as possible. Still...the food is delicious enough that I understand the wait. Doesn't mean I have to like it, though!
I don't understand why my mother loves this place. Well....probably because it has ridiculously high ceilings, big "marble" statues and fancy looking decor in general. However, I'm more focused on the food. As normal dimsum places go, there's the usual S/M/L/XL/SP for the dimsum size/prices. This place only has 2 at S, maybe 1? at M and a wholeeee lot of items at L and XL. The issue is that the ones they consider L or XL is something that should usually be considered S! Like siu mai (pork dumplings with shrimp and fish eggs)...why is this XL here? I find the food is never hot when it arrives, and given the sheer size of the place, the food takes a long time to get to the table, and getting the staff's attention is also a mission. Overall, for the price of the dimsum, and the "MEH" quality of what you get, I'd rather go somewhere else.
Why do my parents insist on making Papa George our go-to lunch place (other than dimsum)?Could be that the prices are amazing for the portions.Could be the properly JOLTED Hong Kong Milk Tea.Could be the nice selection of salads, should you be on the market for "healthy" hk cafe food (relatively speaking).Could be the friendly staff, who quickly learn who their regulars are, and greet them happily.Could be their chicken steak. Get. it.Many reasons. Whatever it is, there's usually a line in the tiny little space They serve the minestrone or cream soup with garlic bread, and ends with a nice tea/coffee, if you choose the combos. Their tea time menu is a steal, and ensures you get a lot of bang for your buck. Oh, could also be their free wifi. Their password is conveniently on the chalkboard too!
If you go to a new restaurant on a Wednesday night, at 9pm, and it is packed to the brim, you KNOW there's a lil' sumthin sumthin going on.Came here with the family and ordered 3 dishes. The price of the dishes are around $15-20 each, but we ordered the fried yellow-fin Garoupa, which is a pricier dish at $30. The meal comes with a big vat of soup, with the meats and veggies that the soup is made with being served alongside. Very delicious, and practically counts as a dish in itself. We ordered the steamed chicken, a classic dish. The chicken is smooth and meaty, not too salty. Also ordered the beef with bitter melon. Everyone on the table agreed that the beef was absurdly good - tender, flavourful, juicy. I think with these two dishes went ridiculously well with white rice.The Pièce De Résistance was the fried Garoupa. The fish itself is white and meaty, and really takes on flavours well. We got a tail piece, and the main bone was already removed for us. This came with veggies on the side, and most remarkably, the skin was still crunchy and crispy, despite being slathered with sauce. Very very very good.The prices here are actually very reasonable because the dishes are very large, so it's perfect for sharing. The meal ended with complimentary dessert, which changes from evening to evening. We had the cashew paste, which was fantastic! Smooth and authentic!!! Overall, I'd say this is a 4.5 star experience (but Yelp offers no half stars...)
I am definitely a regular here. I come here for takeout sushi for a lazy night in, or meeting up with a small group of friends for dinner. The key word here is "small". Small space, and small number of staff. There's usually only 1 waitress for the whole restaurant to take orders, deliver food, get the bill. It works out 4 out of 5 times, but there was one time when I was made to wait for almost 1 hour for my order. Of course, the staff more than made it up by bringing an extra, on-the-house bento meal. Overall, I'm always pleased with the freshness and the staff friendliness. Will continue going back every 2 weeks, as my custom is now!
For an absolutely huge bowl of noodles with fish soup, this is the place. I've heard good things all around, so decided to check out this corner restaurant at Times Square.It's $9.75 per noodles + base soup + 2 toppings + drink. The problem is that there's extra fees EVERYWHERE...if you want a special soup based with fish soup, that's another $1.50, (so If you want Tom Yum, Laksa, etc but with fish soup). If you want more toppings, that's another $1-2 per topping. If you want a cold drink, or some other drink that's not listed as "included", that's another $0.50 - $2. So basically, be prepared for your meal to go out of control from $9.75 to $16 very easily! There's also side dishes you can order for $2.50, but a maximum of 2 per person. That being said, the portions are huge, and that fish soup is so very good. It makes me feel comforted, and I know it'd be a perfect meal for cold Canadian nights. I opted for the parsley and thousand year egg, and they were generous with the eggs! Toppings was tendon and sliced beef - again, generous! I tried the side dishes beef tongue and fried chicken wings. The wings were incredibly salty - couldn't finish. Beef tongue was good! Their cutlery is stored at the side of each table in a sliding drawer - convenient for us (especially for people who constantly need more napkins)Overall, I'm happy with my bowl of noodles. I would consider this quite an affordable option, knowing the portion is so huge, since the side dishes and all the other "extras" are not necessary to make a satisfying meal. Oh, except the fish soup. That's a must!
The food itself is interesting - they serve Northern Chinese cuisine, and the plate sizes are a bit smaller than the usual Chinese "sharing" plates. We tried the Peking duck, which was fine - it wasn't anything that'll blow your mind, but it's served in a cute duck dish. Also tried the braised pork hock, which was fan-TAST-ic! Fall off the bone and the skin fatty-noms. To offset all this fatness, we ordered the black fungus dish cooked in chicken broth, which was had a good crunch to it. Next was the fatty pork with white buns - so very fatty, so very delicious. This was the BF's fave dish, and it really NEEDS those white buns - otherwise it's just too intense of a dish! We finished off with a veggie dish in spicy oil. This was just SLATHERED in oil, and wayyy to overwhelming with the spice. Rather than waste it, I just rinsed off some of the oil/spice with hot tea.The service was not great. The wait was almost 40 minutes, and there was no reservations allowed of groups fewer than 7. Whenever we called the waiter over, there was never a smile or acknowledgement when we asked for something. Ex. Can we get more tea please? response: walks off. Overall, the food was good in flavour, but simply too oily. The black fungus, the pork hock, the fatty pork - all of them were soaked in oil. This may be the style of cooking, but excessive all the same.
As Chinese bakeries go, this one is pretty bomb. My first happy thought was, golly, they open LATE for a bakery! Here I am, hustling in at 7:45pm on a Saturday night and they're still open? Awesome!I came here with a "bang" card, or the pastry gift card you get from wedding invitations, and it was for $12. No hassle at all to use it. The pastries themselves are quite good! My favourite was this meringue nut cream pastry that they sell next to the cash register - either in a slice ($2.50) or an entire loaf ($15), and its absolutely amazing. Crumbly and sweet.Their egg tarts are definitely not the best I've had, but I find people's Egg Tart Taste vary - the ones here do not have a distinct taste of butter, which I love, and they use a flakey crust.
My go-to for Chinese desserts, or "tong sui". I love love love their steamed milk/steamed eggs ("dun lai" or "dun dan"), which is like the insides of an egg tart. Also a fan of their small meals, which is satisfying and filling. Not fancy, or healthy, but satisfying.My gripe is that their menu reads like the Tax Act. So many add-ons, and options, and combinations ready. I mean, customization is great, but the self-ordering menu is kinda like a scantron test from hell. I prefer to give my order verbally! And demonstrate my mediocre chinese!
My body has an innate sense of self preservation. It's cold out? Dayum, Angel, you need some HOTPOT!This place has become a fast favourite, if I decide to eat out for hotpot. I get the extra $2 for AYCE angus beef, and make sure to pack in those pounds of beef. The menus come in all English, or all Chinese. The tables are laid with the usual sauces already, but you can request the extras too (peanut sauce, egg, etc.) The service is not bad at all, I never felt like I was waving my hand around to get someone's attention.One bad thing, different from other hot pot places, is that the drinks are not AYCD. You get ONE drink, and if you want more, you pay for a jug more. *shrug* I guess that's how they make rent! Overall, I'm a fan. It's cold now, I'm hungry, I want hotpot that's not at home? Boom, I'll see you at Hipot.
Never bothered to check-in to Moxie's because honestly? I'm here SO often. Meet up with bff to gossip over wine? Moxie's. First date? Moxie's. Drinks with new friend? Moxie's. Drinks with visiting friends? Moxie's. Tuesdays are their half-price wine nights, which probably explains half of my experiences here. I love the atmosphere, the staff is always friendly (though not too knowledgable when their wine list changes and I have to tell them what's new). Their food is nothing to rave about, although their burgers are always spot on, and so is the penne toscana. Staples. But not where I go for good food. I go for their wine list, their muted lighting, their drink specials!
As It goes with Congee Wong, this one is fine. It's when you need that Chinese food fix, or you need your HK tea, or, in my case, my entire family overslept and we're all starving and dimsum doesn't seem appealing.Warning. Parking here on weekends in peak hours is a sh*tshow. Service is...hmm. Those poor servers seem to be up to their EARS in things to do. You probably won't experience rudeness, because they seem to handle their stress well enough, but prepared to see some stressed out servers.Favourites here are the Golden Milk Pudding ($4.95), which is sprinkled with some sort of sweet sand. Also good is the fried turnips "Lor Bak Go", which is AWESOME when hot, but beware if you get takeout and leave it in your car by accident. Does not smell awesome them.
Where does the love for "lam yoon" come from? I think it's the unapologetic greasiness of the Taiwanese Beef Noodles (hong shao niu rou mian), the hot Horlick that they serve in a glass that makes it impossible to pick up without burning your fingers, the never changing staff, the availability of your fave hk diner food. On any given visit, I might order the beef noodles, hk style egg/ham sandwich, hk milk tea, fresh egg tarts, wonton soup, beef tendon noodles or condensed milk toast. Always always always love it. It's hk comfort food, it really is, and this place is always open so late. When a group of friends can't agree on where to go (sushi? no, someone's had sushi yesterday. Korean? No, not feeling like digging through pork bone. Viet? no...too slurpy), we can all agree on Richmond Court as a happy compromise.Now, I'm not saying you should come here because the food will blow you away, or the service. But there's such an appeal to it! It appeals to me like those old American shows who talk about going to their local greasy diner - That's this place!
Best hot and sour soup!!! Some of their dishes can be too salty, but just need to specify to reduce salt. We always get takeout, nobody ever dines in.
This place used to be good. Came here few months ago with overseas relatives. Food has gone downhill. Meats are now fatty with no flavour. Rolls passed with too much rice and little fish.
This is our go to place for burgers!! Way cheaper than burger priest as their burgers are bigger. Fries are great. Poutine is too salty - they need to reduce sodium in the gravy.
The food was good and noodles excellent...BUT customer service was HORRIBLE!!! They forgot an order from our group but did not acknowledge it. They kept telling us the item was coming but we had to keep reminding them. We told them that ok fine we will take it but wanted it to go. They still served it to us but were annoyed and angry when we told them that we had asked for it to go instead. We would eat there again but NOT DINE IN. Customer service is basically non-existent here. I don't know if you have to be rude to get any service but this place is only good for take-out.
We came here last night or the first time on my birthday. Wow is this place ever something, we came in as first time visitors and left feeling like we have been long-time customers. The food was delicious and we got combination dishes to share as a family of four: sushi and ramen, and sushi and tempura. When the food arrived, I couldn't believe it was just one order. There was so much food!!! The prices were about $22-$22 per combo too which was really good considering how much they gave us. We checked the bill to make sure they didn't give us two orders, but sure enough it was 1 each.  The sushi was fresh and all dishes were delicious. We ordered typical sides like gyoza, edamame and yakitori.  All were great!This is our new go-to sushi place. We even received parting gifts too after dinner in celebration of their one year anniversary. Congratulations on the one year and I hope they have many more successful years to come! Very few places treat their customers the way this place did. Such warm hospitality, like coming into a friend's home. I can't recommend them enough. Our usual places have been Tomo and Mi-Ne in the area, but you get far more value, attention, and great food here at Sushi Aoi!
This is the best wonton noodle place ever!!! Large shrimp wontons and fast friendly service! We have become regulars and been eating here for over 10 years!! Cheap tasty noodles whether you like lo mein or soup!
Best pizza ever!!! Need I say more!! Only complaint is they charge more for dining in as opposed to take out for the exact same food. That's just not right. Don't know many places that do that!
I haven't been to dim sum here in years and remembered it to be very good. Came here recently with my family and disappointed that the food has gone downhill. The dishes are hit and miss. What were excellent items were the chicken feet and octopus. Har gow and shumai were so so. The beef ball was awful and had a very bad after taste that made me want us want to gag. The egg tart while delicious were too buttery in flavour. Tripe was underdone. Rice noodle rolls were good though. We won't come back unless he only thing we eat are chicken feet and fried octopus.
Came today just cause I needed to go to the T&T. I didn't have high expectations as I was here probably about 5 years ago and remembered it was crap. Little did I know its a NEW pho place that replaced the last crappy pho place. I am so glad we came!!! Was here with my family and it was FANTASTIC PHO!!! Not overly salty, with strong broth flavour. Usually we get dehydrated after with all the MSG from other pho places but not here. We tried standard pho and chicken pho. Both were incredible!!!The only complaint I have is that they take cash only. Its also more expensive than your average pho place so we were definitely short on cash. Medium bowl about $8 and large $9. The place was packed with about 4 groups of people waiting. They definitely need to expand. I cant wait to come back tomorrow!
I've passed by here a few times, and from my back-in-days experience at Milestones hasn't always been an impressive one.  Epecially the older locations that have the same old decor, this particular location right by Richmond HIll Silvercity was up to date with a modern- contemporary design. Our server, was very accommodating, especially when we couldn't decide on which bottle to order he recommended we try a small sample before ordering something we'd regret, good move! We opted for a bottle Rosemount to compliment the bruschetta! The wine! had no obvious complaints since we were avid fans of RED wine.  The bruschetta; 4/5 presentation was lovely! and at the same time you can't really go wrong with bruschetta as it compliments the vino....overall ambiance was great! and this place is definitely a hot spot if you love your patios!
2nd Wednesday in a row and we're back to moxies, only this time, it's a different location.  We both decided to head out to an early dinner to beat out the crowd. After being seated within a few minutes we came to an agreement to order a bottle of their Chilean Red cabernet sauvignon....half price bottles of wine baby lol!for food since we ate quite a bit prior to, we opted for the Sweet chili chicken which was alright.overall the wine, ambiance, and service was awesome!
Though the reviews for this place can cause a detterence, I'm sure everyone has their reasons.  Both Iriana and I came here Friday night after the Markham Jazz fest to lightly indulge ourselves in some Italian food.  Firstly you can't help but gaze at the wall of wines from floor to ceiling.  The decor is very contemporary, chic, high ceilings and beautiful chandeliers.  Our server, and the service was approximately a 4/5The food..aka the WORKS!We shared their Fritto Misto; fried calamari, fennel, shrimp, and zuchinnis, this dish was an overal 3.5/5.  I found that there was a lot of batter on it, but nonetheless there was flavor in this dish.  Mains we had their Fiorentina pizza which came with a shareable caesar salad.  We both came to an agreement the pizza was good, but not overly impressive, as the distribution of ingredients on the pizza was off. The salad was good, just wished they put more cheese...again its a personal thing. Overall rating for this dish was approximately 3/5For drinks I had their chianti classico :) nom nom....Would I come back, yes to try something different...........
Using my Starbucks app in and around Richmond Hill, this was the closest location that was opened late.  Its nice to find a SB that's not too congested with some outdoor seating and a ton of indoor seating to accomadate their clientele.  Thankfully on weeknights it was not packed!Their service, much like all SB's, was friendly, knowledgable, and efficient.  The vicinity was presentable, clean, and especially cozy.My usual order was their tall blonde roast, not too strong, but packed with caffeine ;) and the fact their decadent Oat fudge bar was staring at me, I could not resist the temptation lol!!!  chocolate fudge and coffee go hand-in-hand as they compliment one another ;) As always I have nothing bad to say about this location...its convenient, close to a residential neighborhood, and it closes later... 10pm.
Last Friday was a night of randomness, unplanned, somewhat spontaneous! Iri,two other friends and myself were trying to decide where to go at 11:30pm, downtown was out of the question. So someone made the executive decision to try Destiny! I've heard and seen this place before, but have never tried it. I guess there's a first for everything.  The place resembles GO FOR TEA, which in my opinion is similar in terms of menu and drinks.  The decor is nice, and the people are friendly, however on weekends Destiny gets busy.  Our entourage came here for some drinks, both Iriana and I went for their fruit smoothies, which was delish! meanwhile the other two had tea (which smelt like medicinal tea/ Neocitron) lol... overall of this place is a solid 3.5Drawback were out booths, they were too low, so you can't sit back, but for the most part it was awkwardly comfortable.
Place has gotten a little better since the last time I was here.....a few years ago. They have expanded their outdoor patio which is a PLUS for the summer, as well there's some added parking spaces which was well needed for the area. Anyhow our gang of three decided to come here for some drinks after 10pm on a Saturday night, Marlowe transitions from a restaurant-lounge into a club at 9:30.  Cover is $10 and they start charging after 9pm. I've got to say that being a fellow YELPER has its perks, and upon checking-in our party received a free appetizer of choice, so we went for their spinach dip. One word, YUM! served with lightly salted chips, the cheese was decadent! and complimented our drinks. overall rating for the spinach dip was about 4/5.
As of recently 3 brewers have been opening a few locations in the GTA.  Thankfully there is one close to home.  My buddy and I decided to check the NEW-ish location, however unsure how long its been opened for but definitely happy to see a reputable franchise-bar among the other businesses in the area. Coming here on a Friday night we were able to grab a small booth, and without any delays our server arrived.  The atmosphere is definitely alive here on weekends, especially if there are any games being broadcasted on the big screen.  The main bar is the focal point of the restaurant that's serving drinks non-stop. My buddy and I ordered a pitcher of their Blonde beer, smooth, light and not too bitter...  Something I'd order the next time I come here....For Grub we ordered their plate of nachos! reasonably priced, the portions were more than enough, and after all....how can you screw up nachos. Overall the location, price, service, and great range of beers (also wine for those wanting to be different) is perfect for those wanting to go to a nice bar in the Hwy 7 and 404 area....
Haven't been here in years. The first time I ever stepped foot into Scaddabush was years ago at their Mississauga location. With the Alice Fazoolis chains being replaced, the new look gives it a more casual, cozier vibe without sacrificing the quality of food this place dishes out. Aside from the quality they've got an extensive food and drink menu to cater a range of clienteleFor drinks, I was so happy they served Spanish beer  Estrella Damm..hence I ordered a few pints throughout the evening. However with that being said, our entourage were here for food. With some unfortunate miscommunication, my food finally came out. I ended up ordering their polenta bites to compliment my pints lol. Played beautifully, the portions were sufficient, and the quality ingredients they used in their food enriched the dish.Overall great place that I'll be visiting again.
Came here Satruday night with the lovely friend, as we had a craving for India food in the Markham-Richmond Hill area.  I have had THE HOST catered numerous times, so it was necessary to experience their fine dining.  Though finding the restaurant can be a nuisance, it sits in a small boutique mall that seems abandoned once the weekend hits.The ambiance is warm, clean, and dim  4/5Their service was excellent about a 5!The food, we had their Chicken 65! infamous chicken lollipops in a sweet, but lightly spiced herbs which was a 4/5Butter chicken: was creamy, rich, and lean chunks of lean marinated chicken 5/5Mutton/Goat curry: rich in flavors, and good portion, however was a bit too spicy for me 4/5Overall the experience was great!! ill be back, or ill just cater...lol....
Meant to post this review a month ago.First time going to Chako and it s definitely a place to visit if you love Korean bbq and Sushi.  However at first the thought of all-you-cant-eat sushi and korean bbq seems overwhelming.  The selection is more than enough, and the price is standard as most sushi/ korean bbq places.  The staff are helping....the only thing I wasn't a fan of were the restrooms....Someone needs to clean that.........stuff up, its not a pleasant  scene to witness after eating a full load of meats, or seafood lol...Nonetheless a place cure those Korean BBQ and sushi fans....
Working offsite and away from your usual area food options can be generic or strictly limited.  For the most part our group of coworkers decided to choose swiss chalet, and with the cold snowy weather....for some reason our thoughts were in sync when deciding on a food option.thankfully Swiss Chalet came to the rescue, the place is very clean, the staff was very attentive....how do i know...... I asked for Lime with my water and voila! there was lime, most people just bring lemon. lol... Onto the fares! keeping it light and healthy I opted to try their Rotisserie spinach salad with mandarin oranges.  Firstly, the presentation was bang on beautiful ;) the portions were more than enough.  At first it can be overwhelming, but again its salad :) this salad is an overal 4/5, since the oranges were not too sweet, however the vinegarette served did add more sweetness to the dish.
Finally there's a churrascaria north of city! Touro aka TORO aka BULL....The place very chic, contemporary, spacious, clean and for the most part has visual appeal :) With a whole wine rack wall, to beautiful chandeliers, big red lamps, and comfy seating Touro is a great place to take a date.....Ah the ambiance ;) Since it was my first time here, I figured I'd go FULL out and try their all your can eat AYCE. during mon-thursdays their prices can be quite steep, lunch being $25, dinner can run anywhere from $37-45. However with a gift certificate from a previous Yelp Elite Event, and checking IN!! bang I was able to try their Caiprianha drink at half price.Their buffet includeds the appetizer table; beef meatballs, veggies, cheese, cold cuts, grilled veggies, etc...this is just a side show from the REAL cuts of meats that's to come.  Once at your table you're given a circle coaster one side Green (Bring me more meats) and RED (no more....for now lol) Once we flipped over the coaster to green, one after another chefs came out presenting various cuts of meats from piranha (brazilian steak), top sirloin, pork sausage, grilled chicken, bacon wrapped chicken, Beef ribs, parmesan steak, and their grilled pineapple seasoned with cinnamon and brown sugar. I must say for the price, you do get a lot of selection, and the service is top notch!....plus you know for the most part, the ones preparing the meats are brazilian/portuguese since I can differentiate being Spanish speaking lol... Overall I would definitely come back to TOURO perhaps to try their a-la-carte, but ill have to see how my mood is.
on the way to work offsite in Richmond HIll, this Mikey D's just recently opened.  They usually say Breakfast is the most imporant meal of the day, so this place was my GO-TO! the layout of the place is great, and for the most part is clean. I opted for the multi grain bagel with their BLT, and rather than coffee, I chose to have their strawberry/ banana smoothie.  TBH, MD beat's out Tim's smoothies hands down! It's been a while since I've had their breakfast and based on the experience, glad I made the right decision to come here!
In the busy east beaver creek area this demetre location had been here for a long time.  Though this place is small,  it's always packed.It's staff are friendly, efficient and always on the go!after Smash kitchen our entourage was in dire need of some sweet sweet loving, since we all have sweet teeth lol. Keep in mind SATURDAY night at Demetres can be a wait especially if you're with a big group.  For dessert my friend and I decided to share their waffles, topped with a lot of fruit, and two big scoops of vanilla...lets just say yum all the way. The portion was huge and we just barely finished the dish.  To help wash it down, we both ordered green tea :) overall a great place whether for coffee, tea or desserts...
This franchise is a hit or miss.  Quality has never been what the original was in its first years.  However if you order the right dish, it can turn out.  I had the chicken Marsala.  I almost never order chicken at restaurants, but this dish is prepared well, rich sauce and a proper companion of pasta Alfredo.
All milestones are top notch as far as franchises go, so 3 stars is as good as it gets.  This one has a new decor that supposedly all are transitioning to.  But the most notable is the enhanced bar and beer selection where they are adding Canadian craft beers.
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say this is the best burger in the GTA, and I've tried a lot.  These guys focus on just a basic burger, no messing around.  I can scarf one back and not feel bloated.  Somehow this burger seems light, from the tender and juicy beef to the soft bun, they do it the best.
Not the best Italian around, but they do have a few specials that hit the mark.  The place could use a deep clean and a reprint on the menus.  Beware of any holidays or prime time hours as the place can get overbooked.
What was once such a welcome addition to the area, has gradually devolved into a mediocre restaurant.  The beer crafted in house is great, but the food no longer.  Several of the good dishes were taken off, such as the Niçoise salad.  What was once the best and freshest tasting onion soup is now one of the blandest and badly cooked.Did they have a true French chef in there to start, and things fell apart afterwards?  Regardless, I gave them several opportunities and it only seems to be getting worse.
This is a sister restaurant of Terra (which in my opinion is one of the best high end restaurant outside of Toronto).  The main problem with this restaurant is that although it's much more casual than Terra, they seem to have brought over the high prices.  I would expect that when I drive north of my Thornhill home, the prices would go down, not up.The good news is that they brought over their exceptional service (and I mean the best of the best), vast wine selection and great quality control over there food, both taste and presentation.  This is essentially an Italian restaurant, although they do change up the menu and innovate here and there.  What's import at though is that they know how to make fresh pasta and how to cook it al dente.I'd give to 5 stars if not for the exorbitant prices.  It's worth the drive to Oak Ridges.
I got here with a co-worker around 1pm.  The place was packed, but we got a spot that opened up almost right away.  Unfortunately it was right by the kitchen.  It was really humid, so adding that to the hot kitchen, steamed food and hot tea (plus quite a bit of hot sauce), I was sweating up a storm.  There's no air conditioning, just a few fans.  As great as this place is, I would avoid it on hot and humid days.I followed some Yelp tips and ordered the steamed leek and pork dumplings.  Reviews are on point, these were thin noodled and well seasoned.  Also got the Beef noodles.  Broth was the best part of this, dark and flavourful.  Beef was tender as well, not really chewy like some places.But the star of the show was the dumpling with soup.  This reminded me of restaurants in Shanghai that I had to line up for 30 mins to get into.  Use the spoon, because when you bite into these the contents will squirt everywhere and trust me, you don't want o lose any of it.
This is an authentic Thai restaurant, no fusion crap.  Dimly lit restaurant with Thai music playing.Good selection of lunch combos.  The Tom Yum had potent flavours and they didn't chince on the chilli peppers. Spring roll was hot and fresh, not sitting under a heat lamp.Green curry chicken for the main - fresh ingredients, tender chicken and just the right heat.  Would have preferred less eggplant but that's just me.
Touro is a Brazilian steakhouse which follows the typical green (feed me) and red (I'm full) coaster format.  First one I went to like this was Texas de Brazil, in Texas of course.  That restaurant is a winner through and through.  Touro is not quite there, but I can safely say it's better than Copacabana or Brasa in Niagara.I'm glad to see they opened up a patio and added an a la carte menu.  The AYCE is way to heavy and pricy for lunch.  If you want to have a chance of survival in East Beaver Creek area, you need a lunch crowd.  As is the interior, the patio is decked out.  Beautiful couch seating on imitation grass , comfortable table seating, TVs to watch the World Cup, etc.Started with the 50% off Caipirinha (thanks Yelp!).  Not often I try a truly unique drink, so that was a treat.  Similar to mojito, but not quite.Next was the coconut shrimp appetizer.  Good sized shrimp, fried properly, and a sweet sauce with just enough spice.Lastly, after seeing Jennifer K's picture, I ordered the Brazilian cheesesteak.  If I wasn't lazing around I would complain that it took 30 mins after my app to come out.  Just after finishing that sentence I was brought a complimentary beer, all is good in the world.  My cheesesteak was very good, had a pretzel type bun and loads of steak.  Should have skipped the app, but as always my eyes are bigger than my stomach.
Turtle Jacks in Muskoka is great, has a beautiful patio and on a warm day is always packed.  The franchised copies, such as this one, are comparable to all the Moxies / Earls type places.  It has a bar area with TVs and the menu is a mix of pretty much every cuisine.  They have a couple good dishes here.  The wings are done very well.  Fish tacos, not bad.  A lot of the other food is very heavy and sometimes greasy.
This place has been around since time began.  It hasn't changed since.  I'm not big on their pasta, but the pizza is consistently good.  But what they do well is their deep fired panzerotti.  Huge and cheap.  Oh ya, make sure you order a side of meat sauce to dip the crust pieces of the panzerotti!
Not a lot of Italian choices in Richmond Hill so this restaurant is a welcome addition.  They have mistakenly called it express, which I think confuses customers.  I think of express like Me Va Me, which has the restaurant and then the take out "express" beside it.  I had to leave the kids in the car and go in to make sure they had seating.I got the Linguine alla Pescatore.  Sauce was light and the seafood fresh.  They didn't chince out on the shrimp either.  My son got the margarita pizza.  Very good and I will try ordering this for delivery.Restaurant is very small but also set up as higher end than you would expect from a restaurant like this.  Their mistake is that they are not welcoming to families as there are not even any high chairs.  With a family style menu this does not fit.
This location is better than some of the others.  It's larger and more well lit than most.  Food is the usual.  There is also some very friendly staff at this location.
Not sure what they're going for here.  Looks like a night club, tables all have a mix match of goodwill type chairs.  Large tanks on the wall with some impressive live fish and shellfish.   Too bad it's dark and not displayed as it could be.Seafood dishes are ok, but found I was picking at little bits if lobster and crab, to get it out of the shells.  Just overcooked and over battered.
As far as the chain restaurants of this sort are concerned, I put this one near the bottom.  Great atmosphere and generally friendly staff, but very underwhelming food.Today I had the Thai curry chicken bowl. A mix mash of about a dozen vegetables, zero heat, and served with overdone rice and a roti that was not spiced right.  The dish should not be referred to as Thai.
I'll place this sushi restaurant above the average maybe at a 3.5.  It took a while for the food to come given not many patrons at the time, but I did get a complimentary soup, which apparently everyone gets.  It was a welcome change from the normal miso offered.  This noodle soup was tasty, with different textures, some soft, some crunchy.  I got the angry tuna, check the pic, yes that's actual hot peppers. Add that to the wasabi and your in for a tasty bite that will leave you sweating!Then came the miso cod, wow!  Flaky, light, delicious!  I highly recommend this dish.  And the restaurant for that matter.
Great portion, excellent BBQ duck/pork, low price, and fast service can make it a great restaurant. Always come for a quick lunch. 9 dollars can make you feel so filling
Love the dim sum here : ) the decor looks luxury and elegant. They have a great selection of tea and food
full house is so popular in China and I love all durian sweets~~~~榴蓮忘返 is my favorite containing coconut milk fresh durian and ice
Less than i expected, gamjatang is really below average.They gave very small side dishes, plus the kimchi were too sour.Service is good though, but obviously the waitress had no idea of how to split the bill.Not recommend it at all
Laksa , Indonesia rice, hai nan chicken rice... if you have an asian favor, then you should come. My laksa was below average but the Indonesia fried rice was yummy
Fish soup w rice noodle combo, 8.95 dollarsYou can get a big bowl of noodle plus one drinkYou can choose the soup base from 12 selections. We chose Laksa, CHAO SHAN style and white pepper soup.Very fresh and yummyMine was Almond milk, Brian's coffee  and Wesley's ribena.Very popular and nice decor
Go for a Afternoon Tea~ the price is very affordable like 5~6 dlars you can have a big pork chop with a coffee or milk tea
I saw the ad " best milk in town" Maybe too much hype, the milk was okay but just the regular taste. Normal.....
stinky tofu was excellent 5.5 cadI ordered one bowl of MIAN XIAN, which was a little bit dry for me.Crispy pork intestine was a bonus, if you don't mind eat this part. 5.5 cadMy friend Si ordered 3 cups chicken (pardon my bad translation) combo, which was pretty yummy, with many side dishes and fruits.Winter melon tea is a must-try, unusual taste.Highly recommend this restaurant. Service was amazing
My colleagues brought me there and it's a good place for curry stuff at such reasonable price. Paying 8 dollars you will get a big bowl of curry beef and you can finish the rice easily with the curry soup. Big, Yummy and good price
Good hand-made dumplings, tasty and juicy. The price for either lunch or  dinner is of good value..
Their signature Won ton and Lao Meim are super yummy. Don't forget to order one plate of vegetable. Good price and yummy
Yummy but too experience. One ice cream with crepe or waffle was around 15 dollars include tax.
Unfortunately, I have to deduct a star for the service.  Food is good.  We ordered a 100pcs sushi and roll combo.  Very fresh sushi and sashimi indeed.  The sushi rolls were all good.  We ordered separately an Ultimate Roll.  It got soft shell, crab meat, cucumber and shrimps etc.  The roll was huge and was super delicious.  We also had veggie tempura.  Food was absolutely up to standard.  However, the service could be more welcome and attentive.  Our group enjoyed our good time and food since this was a farewell dinner for our kickboxing instructor despite of the impatient service.  Some of our buddies were absolutely disappointed with the service.  I felt bad for the only woman there serving the whole dining room by herself on a Sunday busy dinner hours.  I totally understand the stress.  She finally gave us a true smile after we paid our bill.  Blessed:)
I have come here three times and my most craving item is their house-made bread with their house-made sour olive oil dip.  I hope I could just simply go there for their bread and dip only.I tried their pasta, pizza and the entree items.  I would stick with the pasta and pizza from now on.  I went there on recent Mother's Day.  Both chicken and fish were made too dry and flavor was a little bland.  Green salad was really meh but healthy enough.  Our service was a bit too slow but our server was always wearing a smile and she made up for the slow service :)I like that they provide kids menu.  Kids are given drawing paper and crayons to kill time.  I will bring my nephews here for their pasta and pizza and of course mainly for their bread myself :p
Went for lunch with a friend yesterday.  The price for all-you-can-eat lunch and dinner has just been increased couple days ago.Just few comments:- The decoration is nice and the ceiling is high.  The place is very spacious and comfortable just like Destiny, its sister restaurant located next door.- Service is slow (even it was way passed busy lunch hour) but still friendly.  The whole appetizer order was missing and so we need to re-order.- Food quality is average.  We ordered the beef ribs and found they were really good.  Seasoned just perfect and the meat was tender.  Then we ordered one more.  The ribs we ordered again tasted the same but the meat quality was not as good.This place is not bad in general, I might not go back in the near future though.
3.5 stars overall for this restaurant, including a half star to the restaurant owner who does look for improvement.  I came here for dinner with my family the first time.  We ordered Thai red curry chicken served with bread.  The idea and presentation was creative but the curry was way too sweet.Fried beef spaghetti tasted ok but the spaghetti is a wee bit too soft.  The water still stayed from the cooked spaghetti in the boiling water.   Was it not fried thoroughly? Fried garlic and beef rice tasted good but I prefer my fried rice is fried a bit dry.  The portion of beef could be a bit more for $9 something?  The black pepper pork stomach soup was just so-so.We were served with a complimentary mini dessert, mango sago (凍芒果西米露) at the end.  It was surprisingly good. The service was very friendly.  The restaurant asked for customers' comments.  I hope they can do better than so-so soon.  I might not come back for dinner again yet.  However, I will still be interested to go try their red bean ice tea with red bean ice cube for the hopefully hot summer:)
I am sorry but I have to say The Chimichurri Garlic Bread is a fail.  It tasted ok but the garlic bread was like being soaked in the sauce and melted cheese for too long, the texture turned too spongy. I tried the tuna taco here a while ago.  Each order came with 3 big pieces of taco.  2 pieces of tuna were of good size on each taco.  However, the two deep fried advocados on the side impressed me better.   For tuna taco alone, I really prefer the one at JOEY.The summer sangria was made too sweet.   I prefer the white sangria at Moxies on York Blvd.  The Bellini here is good though.  I like to see how the little plastic deer or giraffe get drowned in my drink :pI do not know why but I am never a fan of Milestone.  It might be the ambiance.  I find the lighting is way too bright around the bar and lounge area.  However, I don't mind coming here with my bf because he likes that there are good selection of beers on tap, and I agree.  We just noticed there is STIEGL GRAPEFRUIT RADLER on tap now!The service is ok.  Our orders were taken and delivered properly every time.  This Milestone has the nicest patio and I am sure it makes this Milestone stand out.
I would have, at least, given this restaurant a 3 stars if the woman (the manager) who is serving us tonight a little more friendly.   When your customer is asking you for an advice on the portion size of a dessert item, please be kind enough to let your customer know even though you have no idea.  Responding something like "how can I count how many pieces for you" is absolutely mean and unhelpful.  Besides, who asked her to count???The food here is ok.  I tried this place the first time during lunch hour, I like the food.  We come back a group of 8 persons for dinner tonight.  I wonder if I wanna come back again because of this manager's attitude.  There are so many better places in the area in terms of food and service.
My first visit and first impression is good ambiance, good music, beautiful patio at night, friendly bartenders and waitresses.  Most importantly, good drinks, amazing food and especially good desserts.Everything at this new location is beyond my expectation.  I will come back for sure.
I finally made it to try this place after the Yelp GTA Rock event.  Yay!I gave it a 5 star based on my first-visit experience!  I had a very enjoyable dinner.  I am pretty sure I will come back again to try other food on the menu.I read other yelper's reviews and so I did not expect this is a fancy restaurant.  However, when I first walked in the place, I knew I like this place.  The restaurant is small but cozy and comfortable.  I am pretty sure the owner invests money and efforts to his business from the stylish tables to the very cool app!  BTW, make sure you download their app and redeem a free appetizer.For a two-persons dinner, I guess we ordered a lot.  We had Stagioni Pizza, Pappardelle Di Bosco Pasta to share.  For drinks, we had red wine and Arranciata.  We ended our dinner with very creamy but not too sweet Tiramisu and two cups of very nice Espresso.  Tony probably noticed that we were very stuffed with those delicious food, he gave us a lemoncello (an Italian lemon liqueur) to try as an after-dinner drink.  He said it supposedly aids in digestion.  That's very nice and attentive.  Thank you Tony!It was a very Italian meal!I might try their delivery service later, though I guess I enjoy eat-in here:).  I just noticed they are now doing a 15% off for checking-in.I am so tempting to try That's Italian Ristorante in Woodbridge soon.
Came here to pre-celebrate my birthday with my best girlfriend.  Thanks Katherine P. This was my first time here even this place has been around since long time ago...We came here for teppanyaki.  The solo dinner started from $25.  It came with 6 pcs of tiger shrimps, chicken thigh meat, and 1 piece of salmon.   All set dinner came with salad, miso soup, vegetables, fried rice and ice cream.  To share, we also ordered another solo set with a rack of lamb, calf steaks and beef roll with foie gras.  Food quality was above average.  Our chef cooked in front of us.  The shrimps were fresh and grilled so well.  The foie gras was such a fantastic match with the beef roll.  The rack of lamb was perfectly grilled.  Our chef was very attentive and kept asking how we like the taste.  We both were lazy enough to handle the bones.  The chef easily helped us cut away the bones...lol.The servers there were all friendly and made us feel very welcome.  They also patiently waited for us and let us have some times to chat and rest before serving us dessert.  We both picked the green tea ice cream.  The most surprising part was the birthday song singing and letting me put on the geisha costume.  Several severs came over and sang me a birthday song with a lighted candle on my ice cream.  It was something I haven't experienced for a long time:) We did not mention about my birthday to any of the servers.  It must be our chef who listened to our conversations and so surprised me.  It was my best birthday dinner! Thank you for the complimentary banana tempura dessert, even though we were so stuffed and were not able to finish it.  It was good.I will come here more often for sure.
The bar menu's sliders are always good.  However, don't order the sirloin steak on the kid's menu for your kid.  The 6oz sirloin was chewy and tasteless.  Even though it is only $13.5, it is not even worth $5.  Don't order it!
So glad I have gotten around to trying this place out. Loved the buns and everything in between. Fries were served barely warm to me which sucks, so next time I'll definitely get the Cali fries or the poutine. I was worried that the 4oz fresh burger wasn't going to be enough; but it was the perfect size for lunch. Next time for dinner I'll try the Angus, or if hungry enough the double patty! So glad there is an authentic burger place in town. Simple is best!
Love this place, pizza is delicious, panzos are delicious, wings are delicious! Everything I have ordered from here is great, my families top 3 choice for delivery :)
The food is great, and so is the service. Last time I dined there was with my family and my brother new everything that was great on the menu.This time I went with two friends, one who is vegan. We asked the server what she recommended ( what was most popular) and we took her advice and ate that. Everything was amazing, great flavours and presentation. It was my friends first time and as leaving they thanked me for taking them and said we need to come back. Thank you for an amazing dining experience, we'll be back!
Came in today for a quick lunch and was craving something spicy as well. As I was walking in I noticed it was cash only. I was seated after making sure I had enough cash to pay for lunch. I ordered the Tom Yum noodle soup with shrimp. It was delicious, fresh, and had the perfect amount of spice. The restaurant looked clean as well, and my server was kind and attentive.I gave it 4 stars because they should accept another method of payment aside from cash. Aside from this I will be back soon!
This place is amazing, better then KFC, Swiss Chalet, and Popeyes. I wish the chicken was a little larger but that is my only complaint. Chicken is always juicy and cooked to perfection. It is always spiced perfectly too if you decide to get it a little hotter then plain. The side dishes are also good, especially the garlic bread, and potatoes. Let's not forget to give a shoutout to their amazing nando's sauces for the chicken-my favourite being the garlic sauce. Placing an order for pickup is quick and delicious, and in house dining is also quick with friendly service at the front. I will be back soon, so glad it is down the street from my house :)
I had to check it out since it was down the street from my house and I love Pho. I ordered the shrimp fresh rolls to start. The rice paper was fresh and the veggies inside were delicious with also a good amount of shrimp. The peanut sauce was the same as every other place...As for pho I got the shrimp pho. The noodles were good and there were 5 shrimp in the soup. The broth was okay, it had some flavour but I had to add more of my own. The service was friendly and the place was clean.
Took me long enough to visit and I am glad I did! Went on a quite afternoon for lunch. I showed up before three but my server didn't mention the special. I didn't realize there was a lunch special until after I ordered which was unfortunate. Other than that the vegetarian miso ramen is delicious, I would definitely go back for more. Next time I will ask for the lunch special.
Picked up food for lunch the other day. I ordered a small vegetarian hot and sour soup; the soup was flavourful, delicious, and a great portion size. I then ordered their one of their spicy mixed vegetable dishes. The dish was good but the veggies were a tad mushy and over cooked. I will be back to try, but to dine in next time. I am glad they have a great variety of vegetarian options, especially the hot and sour soup.
Great food and atmosphere, so glad I made time to visit and have dinner. Our server was very personable and answered the questions we had about some dishes thoroughly. In regards to the wine, I wish there was more of a selection. I will definitely be going back for dinner :)
No matter what I order here the food is good. It's a great local choice if you want anything from burger to salad, falafel to shawarma. They will be seeing me often, and soon. :)
I came here tonight with my older sister. We were craving sushi and wanted to try Tomo again seeing as the last time was a very omg time ago. We had the Kaiso salad to start, the shiitake soup, and wonton soup with biggie dumplings. Overall the appetizers were good, but the portions small. As our entre we had the rainbow dragon roll and and rocky roll. Both good as well, I wish there was more!
My go to sushi place in Richmond Hill! Service is friendly, rolls are delicious and great quality. Not as much rice, more seafood and other ingredients. Everything I have ordered I have loved (except for the crab salad). Will be there again soon.
The pho is good at this local spot, good size for the price, been there a couple of times. The fresh rolls are delicious, I get them every time. I give it a 3 star rating because of the service I receive every time I go. Needless to say I go back for the convenience in location.
You've never tried really great  Chili chicken til you try Asian garden's.  I'm a big fan of their Chili chicken dry and their Manchurian chicken with gravy.  The Manchurian fish is worth mentioning as well,  with the crunchy fish batter and the delicious sauce. Rice is most of the time included in one order of dish.  I usually prefer to call in my order for pickup as it gets busy especially on  Friday.  Big servings,  which means leftovers for the next day,  I'd take it anytime. Service is fast,  the couple who owns the place are very welcoming and nice .  Place is clean and tidy.  I can eat here everyday,  except Mondays when they're closed.
This is my fave place to go for kabob.  The place itself is very spacious and clean.  As long as you time your visit,  before or after the lunch or dinner rush hours, you will be pleased. It gets really busy during lunch and dinner, proof that good food knows no racial boundaries.  This is where you will see different backgrounds with the same goal1 savouring the mouthwatering grilled meats. I love the flavours of the tandoori chicken.  Dinner comes with a huge naan bread,  salad,  tomato,  onion and parsley side and a spicy dipping sauce.  Each and every time I visit this place,  im always content and happy. The feerni is a light dessert,  must try. Writing this review now made me crave for it.
We have been going here for almost 7 years now. We used to live close by, and when we moved to Aurora, we still go here at least 1or 2 times a week. We believe it is worth the drive. The spicy salmon hand roll is what keeps us coming back, and not to mention, their salmon sashimi is always fresh.
If you want good BBQ and do not care about customer service, then this place is for you. I come here to get take out BBQ, roast pork and soy sauce chicken. I've been coming here for years and have no expectations other than good food. I have never seen the lady cashier smile not even once in my years of buying from this place. I thought I'd get used to it by now, but I was wrong. Today I ordered my usual which was a combo of bbq pork and soy sauce chicken.  She snapped at me and said, ' you want 1lb  1/2 lb, what do you mean?' To which I replied, 'on rice'. If I was in a nicer restaurant I would have left, but this was one of those moments where you just bite your tongue and count to 5, knowing that you'd rather keep quiet and ensure you have dinner on hand or drive up to FMP. They have been in this business so long that they either forget or don't care about providing good customer service since they know they have a steady clientele, with or without any effort to smile. 3.5 stars for the food and 1.5 stars for the non existent customer service. I won't be a hypocrite, I will still continue to visit this bbq place until I find a better one
What else is new, they run out of iced coffee when it's 38 degrees outside, they ran out of cream as well. The Additional star is for the clover press, but for a reserve location, they should have better supplies management.
It's time to update my review for Koi Sakana.  It's obvious I'm always craving for their ramen based on the number of check-ins . I have my usual order,  the lady owner knows by now.  I always order the pork cartilage ramen with spicy level 1 broth.  The spicy level 2 ramen is reserved on cold rainy nights.  :)  Another ramen place opened uptown not so recently (Sansotei) With the hype,  I heard one should be ready for at least a 20minute wait. I thought eventually the hype would die down, but when I went there 2 weeks ago,  it was still a long line up at around 830 pm. This was actually my second time,  the first,  I gave up after 15 minutes of waiting and decided to go to a wings place. The reason for the bump up from 4 to 5 stars is based on the quality of food,  service and value of Koi Sakana.  Sansotei's ramen doesn't even close to theirs.  Koi's noodles are the right consistency,  the broth very flavourful and being able to customize your broth makes it interesting each visit.  The pork at Koi didn't have that 'porky' taste, it's all tender bbq goodness.  The egg is always cooked perfectly,  gooey yolk. Portions are decent,  it always satisfies even when I'm starving after yoga. :)  Their ramen IMHO is better than momofoku too. Service is on point.  Even when the place is packed, and the lady owner is the only server,  rest assured you will be getting constant tea refills with a smile. Now that's 5 stars worthy in my books.
I was very pleased to read the reviews of BB Cafe here on Yelp.  Surprisingly,  a hidden gem in an obscure plaza.  When you walk in,  you'll see the mouthwatering desserts on the display counter.  We came in for lunch,  and I  ordered the vegetarian panini with grilled zucchini,  Bell pepper,  portobello mushrooms,  and tomatoes in a light mayonnaise spread. My boyfriend ordered Roast Beef on baguette.  Both came with a side of greens with olives and balsamic dressing. My panini was very good.  I didn't get to try the roast beef,  but with the way he ate it,  I'm sure it must be good.  The Persian tea was light and smooth,  a perfect accompaniment to the rolls.  Again,  he finished the marble roll and no chance for me to try, but the vanilla pistachio was awesome. Not too sweet,  but fluffy and light.  Our server was very friendly,  and I was impressed with the cleanliness of the place and the washroom.  I would definitely be back.
Good food,  decent servings.  Very friendly servers.  My girlfriend and I came here for a late lunch.  We ordered the spider rolls -  soooo good.  And I also had the spicy pork bento .  Hot sake hits the spot.  We stayed there for a good 3.5 hours.  This is what happens when you mix alcohol with good company. They were very patient with us,  and didn't in any way give an indication that we overstayed.  They also close late,  so if you have late night cravings for Japanese food,  this is the place to be.  One more thing,  the grilled squid and takoyaki balls are so delish
4 stars for the milk tea, 2 stars for the ham and egg with toast, 3 stars for the service. When can me rate for half a star here at Yelp?  I'd definitely go back only for the milk tea.... Or better yet try other items on the menu.
Rarely do I crave for pasta,  so a new Italian place would not entice me.  The first time I've been to Scaddabush,  it wasn't the food,  but the endless bottles of wine that caught my eye.  This place demonstrates an energy vibe I cannot explain,  blame it on the 80's music in the background.  I ordered a glass of Terre Nuove to go with the buratta,  which was infused with honey and truffle cream and crostini on the side.  If you are not a big fan of Truffles,  order something else.  There's no skimping on Truffles as it was more than subtle.  The light sweetness of honey,  the earthy taste of truffles perfectly complemented the chewy mild buratta. The Italian burger was good,  juicy and savoury. A day after,  I came back to revisit.  Actually,  it's the buratta that was calling my name, I had no choice but to obey. And obey I did,  this time with a glass of Malbec ,  okay two glasses. The pesto pollo was good,  but not mind blowing. The americano was a bit watered down,  but it was not so bad. The service and ambiance made up for it.  I will definitely be back to try other dishes.
I have been craving for Gamjatang and decided to try this place. It's quite new but I read a lot if good reviews. Servers were friendly and attentive, they refill the banchan and tea without the need to ask for it. I ordered the Gamjatang, pork bone soup in spicy potato soup. I like mine spicy and requested it from the server. She replied that I can adjust the heat on my own, so I expected them to serve it with chili sauce on the side, but it never happened. The soup was ok, meat was fall off the bone tender, but I've had a richer more flavorful Gamjatang at Owl of M. I also tried the shrimp fried rice and it came with black bean sauce which was so good. I would be back as I am pleased that this place is clean compared to other Korean establishments, but I would order something else next time.
This is another reason I feel lucky to live in this city. I don't have to drive far to get my burger fix. Thanks to Kris U's review, I added this place on my list of places to try ASAP. It is located in unassuming plaza, I wouldn't have noticed if not for Yelp reviews. Its a clean place, and serve their burgers really fresh. I ordered the prime sirloin burger without the bun. It was perfect. I did not add mustard or relish as I wanted to savor the taste. Perfectly seasoned patties! The fries are good too. Crispy, not oily and just the right saltiness. After that first visit, i came back 5 or 6 times more. I hope my gym trainer doesn't read this.  i also tried their California fries with caramelized onions and sauce. It was pretty close to Inn n Out animal fries. And yes, they will be open in Sundays soon. I can't wait to be back.
Good food places, that's what I love about Richmond Hill. Jim Chai Kee is a hidden gem of a wonton. This is the type of establishment that patrons frequent solely for the food alone. Don't expect anything fancy. The service is straightforward, simple menu with just a few items. It's self service for water and tea. In less than 5 minutes after orders are taken, the piping hot shrimp wonton soup with egg noodles arrive on your table. The broth was very flavorful and came with 4 huge shrimp wontons. I eat mine with chili oil and red vinegar and finished it in record time. I will definitely be back. For $4.50 a bowl of shrimp wonton goodness, you cannot go wrong. They definitely know their business and I don't mind being a repeat customer, or a regular :)
I was glad to have tried out this place as it satisfied my craving for congee. For $4.99 i ordered the pork congee with golden egg and it came with noodles and fritters. For breakfast, the congee was more than enough for me. I also ordered the toast with condensed milk yummy! It came with milk tea which was tad strong for me. I will definitely check their lunch offerings next time
Good portions and they do not skimp. Good taste and lots of meat and rice. The spice is just right. Also polite customer service and cashier. Cannot complain about much (okay they could stay open later there is no late Indian dinner anywhere)
I drop by the Richmond Hill H-Mart once or twice a month to stock up on items like Kimchi, mushrooms and noodles. This is a spacious and complete location of this American chain with a selection of grocery, produce, ready-made food, South Korean imported goods, independent stands and a small food court.I pick up the more expensive kimuchi because it tastes better and has a shorter list of ingredients. It is imported from South Korea. The produce is good and the enoki mushrooms are cheap. I also like the 30-50% off the mandu and baked goods that occurs after 5 PM.One wonders what would happen to South Korean grocery stores (here and in South Korea) if japan boycotts its neighbor. Half the items on the shelves (from ramen, udon and sauces to ice cream and biscuits are Japanese. As its mandatory this H-Mart also has a sushi kiosk with a Japanese name... of course, I have not tried it. They have a taiyaki (grilled cakes that looks like fish) franchise stand trying to replicate the original Japanese recipe.Back to the 'Korea' in South Korean store, the seaweed, as said kimchi and Lotto chocolates are nifty.Watch out: a few items have expired dates.Notice: many of the same items are cheaper at T&T two plazas down (but T&T is not as clean and the service here is better).Info: Galleria Korean supermarket has a larger collection of meats and overall offers lower prices.Tip: Park in the back for more parking and space
I had not been to this location of the chain before, although I have visited Moxie's multiple times in multiple provinces. Well, apparently, their name has changed and they are now M.. just 'M'! That is what the sign says... I recently was part of a party of ten people who complained that Moxie's has lost its Moxie and so they won't go back due to a lack of sexiness (true story), which is ironic because I ended up here with a girlfriend today. She really likes the place and she has a point that the décor is nice, prices are right and apparently they have a nice patio in the summer.My waitress was Ivana who was a bubbly, fun and polite waitress. She was a nice server to have. I ordered the steak salad and found it good, delicious and not overdressed/drenched. It could use more meat however. The proportion of lettuce to meat was excessive, but over all it is a recommended dish. The lettuce felt fresh, the meat was medium (wish there was more) and the cheese tasted great. They do not have a variety of waters, which is reflected in the menu which is also limited! They need more variety. Speaking of which the pecan salad is gone.Finally, all menu items list their calories, which is really useful. I know the government forced businesses to do it and I am glad it did. I can make better choices now.
Back at this Swiss Chalet and the prices are slightly higher, but still inexpensive compared to the marketplace overall. I had the Quarter Chicken.What would you like on the side? Fries or salad or vegetables? I chose vegetables on the side, which meant broccoli and cauliflowers. White or dark meat? White please.What type of bun do you want? Whole wheat please.What would you like to drink? Which sparkling water do you have? San Benedeto.. OK good.So far, so good. The food was standard Swiss Chalet, came with side sauce i.e. gravy and the bun was accompanied by one container of whipped butter.I am not sure if Swiss Chalet has stopped serving the water and lemon, but we did not receive it.The food was good as is usual at Swiss ChaletAnd now about the waitress:She was loud and brash. I am OK with personality and zaniness, but with all due respect and not at all to be ageist, but she was acting like she is running a horse and bogey show or is in charge of beasts at a rodeo. she was so brash about everything. So you WANT the special??? FINE! We asked to be moved to a booth on the other side of dining section and she felt It is NOT MY SECTION (so??)And so it went... It is not that I expect any smiles or super duper fake happy waitresses, but at times I thought she is going to devour us or chop our heads off if we interact with her any more! Finally, the complimentary Wifi worked perfectly and there was plenty of parking there, which one cannot say about the rest of Hillcrest Mall, which like all other malls has been so overbuilt that finding parking, getting in or getting out has become a chore.
We were in the plaza to pick up some cool sexy clothes from fahion compass and dropped in again. It is good because they have everything you can think of on the menu and it is cheapYears pass and they still don't have the parsley dumplings. It is "sold out." In English we say "it is not available" because when you always say "it is sold out" it means you had it earlier.Anyway hot and sour was good, dumplings were good, they got the noodles wrong and so on.
More expensive than other Chinese bakeries but the Omega 3egg tarts and coconut and pineapple buns are AAA+A few seats and two tables are available and there is lots of goodness
This is a good restaurant for dumplings and obviously other northern Chinese cuisine i.e. more wheat-oriented items. I had not been here in several years and the food was as reliable and tasty as I rememberd it.The leek dumplings were ordinary, not bad, but nothing outstanding. The pig intestines and pepper was very well done. The onion pancakes were above average and 'meaty.' The xiaolongbao was quite good and in fact different from everyone else's. There was a certain spice to it (like a more complex cinnamon) that nowhere else had used that I had tasted. It worked. When I asked the waiter if he knew what the spice was his response was 'I don't cook the food.' When I asked him if he would ask the cooks he shrugged and in fact never came back! All in all, the food was good to above average. The prices are inexpensive and the four items came to $30. The tea was workmanlike and free of course.Belatedly and on the way out I noticed a plaque that proclaims the restaurant having won a Chinese restaurant ward in 013 for its Garlic Pork dish. That is something to consider.I had to deduct a star for the waiter's indifference and then subsequently when we wanted to pay he was busy for many minutes playing on a customer's phone. Also, the soya sauce dispenser had vinegar in it and although they had labelled it as vinegar on top in small print I had just paid attention to the bottle's own label and misused it.I feel Northern Dumpling is a nice alternative, but caught between the massive menu and cheap prices of Richmond Court and the higher end food, prices and atmosphere of Jody on the other side.
I liked the service more than the food.We were there for lunch and they had a buffet available. Everyone knows that buffets are not synonymous with quality food, which is fine, but it was more a case of limited options.There was a limited salad bar, a lentil soup, one rice pot, one type of bread and several desserts. On the dessert side they had a friendly lady make some kind of Indian street food. That was a treat. She was friendly, volunteered information and what she made was good too.Back to the main dishes there was chicken tikka, two kinds of meat dishes (Butter Chicken and Goat Meat) and then there was a vegetarian station. I think for a buffet they should have more than the two meat stew options. Perhaps another chicken dish? How about a fish dish or lamb dish? Perhaps a shrimp dish? With that said, we were completely full of course.The other issue with having limited options is that a queue develops and it becomes crowded since everyone aims for and huddles around the same items.Price-wise it is slightly high, but not by much.I do appreciate The Host's decoration and attempt at an Indian ambiance.I also appreciate the staff who were polite and seemed genuine. They cared it seemed, delivered on our requests (water, lassi, ice, refill, napkins, etc.) and were verbally polite.
I like this place. What is important to me is done well here. The pastry is fresh, delicious but not tooo sweet and looks great. Also the cafe is very clean. Also, the outside is clean. So many restaurants let the trash outside stand which is disgusting, but not these guys
This is a 2.5. Yelp give us more stars or percentages to play with.After a long time of not going I visited Nando's again. I remember that I stopped going a couple of years ago because the chicken was low in quality and had bone and marrow inside.This time the chicken seemed of higher quality (1 point) and was also flavourful (another point). The bread was a little different and fine. The chain is known for its peri peri sauces of which they offer herb, medium, hot and very spicy. One can also order it as a wrap or sandwich.The 'hot' is just that and not too much.The portions are the first disappointment. It is a small sandwich with little in the way of sides or fixings. The chicken itself is rather small in size. It is not a good value. Swiss Chalet has better value.Nando's clientele also loses it a point. You know the type of men who any self respecting or educated woman avoids: males walking around in track pants and the unwashed look or leaning against their car with the running engine in track pants in the parking lot. That is their clientele. Then there are the families with the unruly and noisy children and the father chewing with his mouth open thinking he is special. This forces you to consider take-out as the only option, which is a good thing to save on tipping.Another star is also lost because they are slow. It took more than 20 minutes to get the take-out.Finally, they are open a little later which is a bonus in a city where everything shuts down so early.
Mama Bear managed to impress us.I am starting to think this is the best plaza for food in the city. Hot Taste is great because they are open at all times and you can count on them even 2 am. Saigon Star is solid Vietnamese. Lucullus bakery has the second best egg tarts in GTA (After ABC of course) and you could even order medicinal hotpot in this plaza. WOWMama Bear is also another good Taiwanese restaurant. We are lucky in this city with Taiwanese food. Mei Nung Beef Noodle House has solid fare and good stinky tofu. Beef Noodle house in Scarborough has been there forever and has the best anchovy noodles and pot stickers, Wei's stinky tofu is a staple and Mama Bear impresses with everything except the staple of Taiwanese cuisine. What is the most important Taiwanese cuisine?? Of course, beef noodles and broth. Their tendon beef noodle broth was not bad, it was just OK however. There was a lack of flavours (but I am thankful for the lack of MSG) and too little noodle. The tendons were very tasty and had as little visible fat as you hope for. Their sausage is great. Their beef wraps were different from everyone else's and absolutely tasty. Yum. Their stinky tofu gives Wei's serious competition and is even better than Mei Nung Beef Noodle House's in my opinion.  They also have Aiyu 'lemon' jelly but not as dessert or in edible form, but strictly as a drink. The jelly is tasteless, but the drink is a good complement to your food. It is hard to find these so we were glad they had it here.Everyone was having the chicken popcorn so it seems to be the thing to try next time.This is an easy restaurant to go back to especially because not only the food is delicious, they also actually wipe their restaurant down it seems.The prices are moderate. The restaurant is clean (yes you read that right. A Chinese restaurant is clean) and they have tried to add a few design touches to make it more appealing. Service is OK. You have to write your own food number on their chit.If you are curious about the owner she is on the small wooden boxes in which they bring your bills. Feel free to compliment her on her restaurant.
I am a little undecided about Saigon Star, but what you need to know foremost is that the food is flavourful and the portions are generous. With that said, you will pay for it. We had a crab curry, rice and one plate 93 of spring rolls and it came to $98. The tea was complimentary. We found it expensive.The rice was good and the spring rolls quite original (for me). They are much thicker and starchier than the average spring roll one gets anywhere else.With that said, the curry crab was delicious, plentiful and the crab was large and obviously fresh. In fact, they fished it out of the dirty tank moments before it was served to us. I am a hypocrite and I know it, but hopefully my hypocrisy propels me to make better choices in this world going forward. I felt very sad for the crab. The manager promised us a big crab and he was true to his word and he picked a big one and we could barely finish it.Going back to why I am not giving them a better rating the tank, washroom and floor were not as clean as a restaurant should be. They need to clean.There is an attempt at a modern atmosphere, glass drops hanging from the ceiling and dark panels on the wall. Slightly strange was the Cheers-like artwork of Caucasian folk on the wall, which felt out of place in a Vietnamese restaurant, and the sound of the always annoying Mariah Carey/Whitney Houston repeatedly coming out of the speakers. How about some Vietnamese music instead?The second reason (after hygiene - OK 2,5 with Whitney Houston shattering sonic thresholds) that lower my opinion of the restaurant is that the staff and customers are speaking in Chinese. They may be Chinese-Vietnamese possibly, but I always feel that the food is inauthentic if the staff do not speak the language of the food's country of origin. It is like all the Koreans at Kushi Sake Bar, Menami or AYCE sushi restaurants, you know?
Flavour? Yes.Worth Lining Up For? No.Little Saigon took over from another Vietnamese restaurant in the same location and is quite good. While the broth of the pho is not the best in the GTA it is quite good, flavourful and has some depth. The portions are generous and the Medium - there is also Large - would suffice for most people.The menu is limited compared to most Vietnamese restaurants, but all the staples are present.I had the house pho which has good broth, beef and noodles. The vegetables and bean sprouts were fresh of course (see below: line-up). The spring rolls, however, were disappointing in that they were quite soggy and oily.The restaurant is packed and there is a line-up. It may be the sheep effect that makes people stand in line because there is already a line there because the food is not that good, but it is certainly above average. Tai Bac across the street is as competent, larger and has no line-up.Little Saigon hands out numbers at the door and we had to wait 30 minutes for a seat.The service is polite and prompt and one cannot fault them in any way.The restaurant is cash-only.The premises appear clean.As much as the food is good this may be my last time here. Little Saigon and I do not have the same relationship as Chinese-Canadian friends and authentic Japanese businesses opening in town (Uncle Tetsu as one example)!
Toshi Ryoriten is the rare authentic Japanese restaurant in York Region. It is expensive, but mostly worth it.I had dinner at Toshi late week and fortunately the restaurant was empty. The owner is probably not glad for it, but I prefer fast service and we received it. The waiter and waitress were attentive. There is not a quality check, but they are politely observing you and attentive to your needs.The menu offers sushi, cooked food and combination sets. The omakase (chef's seasonal choice) sets are either a $65 or $85 course. I had the $65 course and was offered a uni and ikura appetizer (fantastic), a series of sushis (salmon, tai, toro, anago, shimaaji, kanpachi, etc. the star of which was their exclusive foie gras which was literally melt-in-your-mouth), a soba noodle bowl and a red bean jelly dessert. The fish is tasty and expertly cut, the rice is superb and the chef has a couple of techniques up his sleeve that clearly work.Everything was either good or excellent, but the sushi was superlative, while the cooked items were just good. For those who want to order bentos and items like Teriyaki, etc. Toshi has a good menu selection as well.The washroom and restaurant was clean. I am not sure why they have the braids at the entrance, but it is irrelevant what the place looks like when the sushi is this good and the staff are polite. The restaurant shares a typically ugly and bland suburban plaza with the likes of Price chopper and Tim Hortons, which is the usual I gues.Toshi, a transplant of downtown, is joining Inaho, Miyabi and Zen as authentic sushi restaurants north of Steeles and that is a very good thing!I wish they would lower their prices a tad so it becomes more of a restaurant one can visit often, but they are still cheaper than Zen and Yasu a tad and mostly just as good.
The worst place to eat if you are in a hurry and want something cheap. There was nothing good about this place. I highly recommend you not to come here. Did I say cheap earlier? It's definitely not cheap for the portion you're getting! The soup and food had a lot of msg.. It was like I had a bowl of Pho (except Pho taste so much better). Service was slow, too slow.. And just... Nothing good to say! No saving grace this time..
Not a bad place! It was small, which I really like. Food was spicy, so it was perfect for me! I ordered the chili chicken w/ gravy. It wasn't the best because the dish had so much garlic, it overpowered the taste of the chili. I won't deduct points off that bc I love garlic in my food. Took off a star because the food wasn't as good as Wanlee Xie (middlefield and steeles). It's obviously on the other side of town, but if you get a chance, I recommend Wanlee over this place.Overall 3.5 stars.
Located by Leslie and 16th, this place wasn't too hard to find. The restaurant is inside a little chinese plaza. I really liked how the restaurant was open concept. There were no windows or pillars that blocked the outside view of the plaza. The only issue I have with that is people that are walking the plaza can watch you eat.The food was good, but nothing to rave about. The soup in my Pho tasted like the pre-made soup cubes that you can find in chinese supermarkets. I wasn't expecting much, as this is my second time coming here. My coworkers got the lemon grass chicken with rice. Like the Pho, it was nothing to rave about. The chicken tasted bland, even with the fish sauce added. There wasn't enough garlic in both the chicken or the sauce, so that was a disappointment. But the food certainly LOOKED good! :)Service was.. sub par, but passable. Lady was extremely friendly, which is why I gave 3 stars instead of two.Don't take up my review and not try this place, though. There is definitely potential in their other foods, so make sure you try other dishes too. I come here bc it's a minute away from work, when I don't feel like driving. If I had a choice, I'd go to Kim Bo on hwy 7/leslie or Vic Hong on Bayview and major mac.
This one is a personal favourite! My first time here and the first impression was tremendous. Came here with high expectations because many friends have commented on how their food is uber fresh.. They were definitely right! I really enjoyed my stay tonight - service, environment and food were all exceptional.We ordered quite a bit of food and I probably had 85% of it lol. We ordered two dinners, one hand roll and sushi. I don't remember what the fiance ordered for sushi, but it was so good. The sushi was the perfect amount of soft/tenderness when I bit into it. It didn't fall apart like T&T sushi, but how can you compare? Sushi came before anything else, so I kind of devoured it before I managed to snap a picture LOL. I did, however, get a picture of the hand roll. I didn't have one because we only got one. According to friends and fiance, this roll is thaa bomb - I will try that next time. The two dinners that came shortly after were the fried oyster and grilled steak. I obviously had the steak because I'm beef boy. The steak was seared to perfection (medium rare) and with a bit of teriyaki sauce all boiled down to a NOM FACE. It was evident that the steak was not of Keg status, but it was good enough. Steak was tender and slightly chewy, but it wasn't medium rare as I asked for. I guess it didn't really bother me because I was just that darn hungry hehe. The fried oyster was equally impressive and delicious, meaning I will not further comment on it lolLet me backtrack for a second - we walked in thinking it was kind of sketchy because the windows were plastered with a matte white material (got something to hide?). When we were inside, we were immediately greeted by a gentleman that looked like the baus. He made it feel like I was home. It was cozy and very nicely furnished. I kind of hated my seat because the backrest was so straight, oh well.. No points taken off this review, even with the limited parking spaces.. Because the food was just that fresh!Service was quick, accurate and courteous. Cannot get better than that! Go and check this place out if you haven't!
I have no complaints in terms of the food and the freshness of it. My biggest gripe with this place is the service. I'm not quite sure how they manage their guest but this place definitely sucks at it. We arrived there and waited for 15 minutes. A lady walks up and waits in front of us, but thinking nothing of it we stood there. Funny part was there wasn't a person there to help manage the tables and who came first. So this middle aged biatch took our spot. We were pretty disappointed with that, but I figured I won't be bothered with it.. Because after a minute, we got a better spot.. Beside the biatch's table. Asides from this turd, the food was good! We ordered 3 dishes and all 3 came out perfect! I don't have pictures, but next time I go I'll remember to snap some up! :)Make sure you don't go on a busy night because you won't be greeted when you go in.. Neither will you be seated in an orderly fashion.
The reason for visiting this place was because it was so mysterious and hidden. I had no idea what this place was and what the rave was all about. My brother had recently visited the place and said it had good quality food for the price/portion. Decided to come try this place tonight and I was immediately impressed.I had high hopes for this place, but seeing the exterior of the restaurant made me feel like I was going to regret coming. Walked in and was greeted immediately - didn't have to wait a second before a gentleman seated us. Service was polite and snappy, unlike other western HK cafes. I ordered the pork chop + chicken steak w/ honey mustard sauce and my lady had the tiger shrimp pasta. The (veggie) soup came first, which I must say was pretty good. They didn't go easy on the salt though, which was my only gripe. However, the entree was a totally different story. The pork chop was unbelievably tender/soft (something I can only dream of cooking one day) and the chicken steak was juicy to the point of no return (what I mean is you will never EVAR go back to eating chicken your old way). Maybe I'm exaggerating a little, but I reckon I'm not far off. Mine came with spaghetti and that was also to perfection - soft enough to be chewy. The pasta was also very good, but I think it might need some cheese.. perhaps I'm just picky with pasta (bc I'm pasta man), but I usually take my pasta with cheese.. NOMS! I also had HK milk tea that came with my dinner, which was also gracefully made. I had such a FUL-filling night (hee hee I'm so CHEESY)Before I end this, I have to backtrack all the way to when I was being seated. I had to use the mens room so badly, I barged in and was stunned to see... A TABLE AND TWO CHAIRS IN THERE! I think that's a great idea, especially when the place gets too busy. They won't need to do renovations to make more room - just send guests into the washroom! They get a private dining room + all you can pee private toilet! lolBefore before I end this, I really liked their idea for this restaurant. I know for a fact that they already thought of how to run this place. They strategically planned their kitchen at the front of the restaurant, while the back was for cleaning. So when they're working, there's always a free flow type of motion - they get the food, send the food, pick up dirty dishes on the way, bring them to the back, go back to the front and the cycle repeats itself. That's pretty damn smart.. well done, Papa George!Before before before I end this, I took off 0.5 because of the "private" room service lol. I don't want to do my business in there and feel like someone is sitting there or will be sitting there. It's kind of scary if it was darker in there..Again, well done! Till we meet again..Jennifer K mentioned that the kitchen was at the front prior to Papa George being there, so props to the previous owner! :)
Finally got a chance.. TO BE SEATED! It so happens that everytime I visit (both locations) that they're full. Line goes out the door and the wait time is not very cool. I guess that's what happens when there's good food in town. Luckily, I was not disappointed - the noodle (hand pulled noodle + braised beef) was certainly one to remember. Although the soup did not give me a kick, the noodle was absolutely fantastic. Every bite was chewy and not overcooked - I hate soggy noodles! I also ordered the wonton soup on the side, which had about 7 wontons. That was also very tasty, though it was a bit salty. The wontons were cooked just enough so the skin didn't peel off. The meat in it was fresh, but could pack in a bit more because the 3/4 of it was the skin and 1/4 was meat.. So I ate more skin than meat! So sad.. Chinese restaurants always find little ways to cheap out lol!On the flip side, this is why I took a star off - slow service and washroom. I can look past the slow service because the place was just that damn crowded! However, I still didn't like how the washrooms were. Literally 3 rooms (female, male, handicap) with ONE toilet, sink, soup dispenser and paper towel dispenser.. Unbelievable. I waited at least 10 minutes for the dude to finish before it was my turn. I always thought male washrooms were always free.. Until last night lol. Perhaps I should have used the ladies or handicap..I'm not sure exactly how this place got a 1 star review, but it oust Zoup next door Lolol that certainly speaks volumes.
This place receives no crowns nor any accolades. Came here three times and each time I had an issue with the server. They're all men, no women in the house.. HOW DO YOU RUN A PLACE WITHOUT WOMEN?! It's no surprise when I holla that I won't get a holla back. Asked a gentleman 3 times for a flippin' bowl and he disappears. Ask and you shall receive? When you're eating here, ask and you shall be ignored. However, there were other gentlemen that were very courteous and attentive to customers. That's the difference with men service and women service - women does it better while men does it typically half ass.. Yes offence lolFood was ok, not the best. Portion was not stellar but passable. Pho should NEVER, EVAR be thick noodles.. It should be the dry (thin) noodles. My gripe will always be that for every chinese run Pho restaurant.. Arghhh
Another fantastic experience at this Keg. My group was greeted by the hostess immediately upon entering. She was very polite and just what I expected at this location. Cutting it short, we all ordered a rib steak dinner that was probably the best that I have tasted in a long time. Like my last experience, my steak was a little under cooked. I asked for medium rare but it came out to be rare. I spoke to my server and the manager (Andrew) quickly came over to apologize for the mishap. In fact, my cousin's steak was also under cooked, so he was extra apologetic about it. It was no big deal to the both of us - we just wanted to finish our food, so heating it up would have sufficed. But Andrew went beyond what was required and brought us both a brand new meal with all the sides filled. The steaks were medium to medium rare the second try and it was absolutely delicious. My friend's steak was made to perfection, except he still had tin foil on the bottom of it. We notified Andrew again, so something like this won't happen to someone else that's not as forgiving. Like I said earlier, we didn't mind any of it - we just wanted to finish our dinner. Andrew was clearly worried about our experience that evening, as he came back a few times after  to ask what else we wanted. We just responded by saying, "we're ok Andrew, don't worry about it".So by the end of the night when our stomachs were full and ready to leave, our server handed us a dessert menu and said, "if you guys are interested in dessert, let me know... And it's on us". Originally I wanted to say no because I was so full. But as a Yelper and major foodie, I decided to take up the offer. I ordered the brownie fudge sundae and it was the most mouthwatering and flavourful dessert I have had in quite a while. It was a simple dessert, but they made it in such a way that I could not resist. Great job, team Keg! Keep up the professionalism and great service. I WILL be back!
I actually enjoyed this place. The food was great, servers were nice, but service was a bit slow. Took us a while to flag the servers down to get a drink.. overall a nice place to stay, eat and chat! I'd come back for sure!
Hmm, been to this one a few times. I'm not a big fan of Destiny. Servers are asian females and typically gives cold shoulders or just rude. Hate this place and wouldn't go.. unless a friend picks the location.
Came here with my coworkers for my pre-wedding dinner. It was a pretty good experience. The serving staff were fantastic and very nice. They were informative and let us know what the deal of the day was. We ordered drinks and it literally came in an instant. She was fast and very courteous, so it made the entire process very nice. We ordered a bunch of food, don't even remember what we got. It was very nice inside, smaller than other st Louis I find. Service was fantastic, polite and quick! I'll probably come back again because of the service. It was quite busy but I think we were attended to quite a bit. So definitely a 3.5 to 4 star rating.
Didn't realize Kenny's gourmet was closed down until tonight. I believe they just opened, so there's a huge sign on the window saying "soft opening" (whatever that means lol). This location looks so much better than the one on Kennedy/hwy 7. The decor looks nice, kind of modern. There are two big screen TVs mounted to high up to the wall which was perfect where I was sitting. Surprisingly, both was airing the Jay's game and not a Chinese drama/channel lol. Service was kind of slow because there were a lot of people, so it'll get better in time. Or they need to hire another person to wait tables.The food was pretty good and the menu was huge! The Kennedy location never had such a big menu. I felt kind of overwhelmed looking at it. There were Chinese food, baked foods, English foods, sandwiches, soups, noodles, steaks, ribs, drinks and alcohol. Out of all the dishes, I chose curry chicken... Lol typical me.Ok, the curry chicken wasn't a bad choice. This was typical Chinese curry, which wasn't strong but I feel like they threw in more spice than other places. I'm a huge fan of curry (red, yellow, green, Indian, Chinese, Malaysian, Thai). The curry was on thing, but the chicken was made pretty darn well. They were mostly white meat and the chicken was tender to he bite, not dry or rough. The dish came out smokin' hot, which probably made it spicier than it should be.I also ordered the sour and spicy soup. It came last, so I wasn't very happy with that. I imagined it would come in the beginning, so I can prepare my stomach for the feast. Oh well, no big deal!No matter how good the food was, the service was just too slow. Perhaps it'll get better, or maybe not. We'll see when u revisit this place. It was also super humid/hot inside, so that didn't help the overall score for this place. Not like it wasn't hot enough today already... Lol
Sounds weird coming from a Chinese guy, but I hate dim sum. I have to thank my parents for a wonderful job they did to make me resent dim sum so much lol..Anyway, I was genuinely surprised by the quality of the food here. I wasn't expecting much because I always think dim sum restaurants are the same, kind of like McDonalds. I think I can take that comment back because the food was fresh here. I have no complaints this time and I actually enjoyed my stay here.You saw the rating correctly, it's 4 and not 5. I took off a star because of the lack of management present at this restaurant. They do a really terrible job getting people to wait in numerical order. The worst part is the woman that's supposed to be keeping track with the crowd doesn't stay put.. Terribad. They also charged me 3 extra dishes that didn't come, so I had to get the manager on deck to sort things out. What a pain..
A very cozy and dim restaurant. Enjoyed eating at this place more so than other locations. I like the furnishing and the staff as well. They were genuinely friendly and helpful when it came to menu choices. I'd come back because of the friendliness of the staff by itself. The food was great as well - quality and portion of each dish were priced correctly. I had the tom yum noodles.. It's a spicy sour-ish soup base (sounds disgusting by my description, but absolutely must try) with noodles made to perfection - not under or over cooked. Fiancé had the pad thai.. That was awesome too! I like how they separated the peanuts into a small dish so people can use it to their discretion. Good job, ladies and kitchen!I'll be seeing you soon!
Came for a cheap dinner with my brother and sister in-law. It wasn't hard to find, but all the higher end restaurants across the street overshadow this small cafe (Keg, Alice fazooli's, etc). I ordered the Tuesday special, which was the 豬排飯 (pork chop rice). On the menu, it looked very appetizing with a lot of colours (veggies). We were ready to place our orders, so we waited at the table.. Not knowing we had to go up to order. We got a little agitated and I walked up to the counter. I realized a medium sized sign that read "Order Here". So that kind of diffused my anger after I realized we had made the mistake.They didn't take long to make our food. I'd say about 6-8 minutes and they had our food ready. Unfortunately, it wasn't what I was expecting. After seeing the menu photo and the actual dish that was in front of me, I quickly regret choosing this place to eat. I had a choice between The Keg and this, but I decided this.. And I was SO WRONG. My pork chop rice wasn't very appetizing after all.. And all the veggies in the menu photo.. LIES! I didn't have a single green on my plate. Not even frozen veggies for goodness sake. Utterly disappointed.. Fortunately, their saving grace arrived in the form of a HK milk tea. It was gold.. I'd buy 5 more and fill my stomach with that than the pork chop.1 star for price and 1 for milk teaPS: if you are deciding between two restaurants and one of them is this, I'd recommend you choose the other.. Lol
Walked in and wasnt greeted - not very pleased in the beginning. When they realized I was there (how could you not? I'm a pretty big guy), they were very polite. I guess they thought I was doing take out because I entered through the take out side. There were no signs showing it was take out side/dine in. Ordered the Americana pizza and spicy tomato sauce spaghetti with Italian sausage. The pasta was fantastic, but pizza wasn't what I expected. The pizza was $12, which isn't too expensive. But for the size, I wouldn't go back for the pizza. I could easily make that myself or go to pizza pizza if I wanted a pizza fix. While I was eating, the server kept coming over to ask how I was doing.3 stars for food + 1 star for very polite service, after the initial wait in the beginning.
Had the opportunity to try this place earlier this week. It was busy because of the Christmas/holiday break, so the restaurant was packed. I made my reservation online, which I find to be extremely convenient since everything is electronic now. The restaurant was very clean, everything neatly tucked in and put together nicely. I give extra points for that because cleanliness is very important to me.Upon entering, we were greeted immediately and seated right away. The gentleman (Francesco) that served us was very well mannered and very attentive. The moment he saw us seated, he came over with bread and asked what we wanted to drink (this guy deserves a raise). We ordered the eggplant parmigiana, steak & gnocchi and linguini di mare. Let me tell you, the eggplant was superb! I've grown up hating eggplant and still don't like it. But after trying this, I may start eating eggplant! I was genuinely surprised by how it came out. It was slightly crispy on the outside and super tender on the inside, yum! The linguini was also a hit because the sauce was made just right, not overpowering. There were quite a bit of seafood in it as well. The steak in my opinion was not so great. Presentation was perfect, but when I made the first cut I realized it was not done the way I wanted. It was rare on the left side of the steak and slowly made its way to medium rare at the other end. I was quite disappointed with my meal, since it cost 39.99 (go big or go home, right?). It was also not very tender, making it hard to cut and difficult to chew. I would put my money at The Keg or a Costco steak.Overall a great place to be with friends or significant other. Some dishes were great and the others weren't so much. It could be timing, that's why my steak wasn't prepared right. Only way to find out is to go back! 3.5 stars total, 2.5 for food and 1 for cleanliness and professionalism :)
I heard a lot of good things about this place, so I was pretty excited to try. Came with a bunch of friends, so I didn't make the reservation. Turns out that there HAS to be minimum of 5-6 tables to make a reservation and if you arrive and don't have 5 people at the table, they deny your reservation on the spot - that was pretty annoying to start with. So we waited for the rest of the party to come and the staff kept coming up to us asking if we were ready - another annoying snippet of the night. Friends came and we ordered.. The food arrived relatively fast and fresh. For me, the dishes weren't anything special. Not like I haven't tried most of the dishes there. This restaurant is just a typical Chinese cuisine with a name slapped on that has good rep for their ducks.I must admit, they chose a really good location to setup shop. Where all surrounding restaurants are Western, this place stands out and would definitely catch the attention of older Asian individuals being dragged by their next of kin to a "gwai lo" restaurant.Before I forget, their staff were outright rude. We asked for separate bowls for soup and the lady gave us the most atrocious cut eye. Was that really necessary? It wasn't like she was going to wash them anyway..Horrible reservation tactic in my opinion, pushy and terrible attitude = 2 stars.
Came here two times including tonight and the food is unchanged. Food was good and service was better than my first visit. They have to train the staff to check the door more often for new customers. My first visit was terrible.. My gf and I stood out by the front (cold as hell), waiting to be seated. Took them about 3-5 minutes to get to us.. There were tons of tables not taken, so there were no excuses in saying they were too busy. We'll see how they do the next time I visit again.~Feb.27,2014~I'm very pleased with how quickly the hostess came over to acknowledge our presence. This time was WAY BETTER than my previous experience. +1 star for that. Food quality is still unchanged! Soup is good and generous portions for noodles.. Fantastic experience!
Just read the not recommended reviews and I'm sorry to hear that from all of you. I've been here more than 8 times and each time was as good as the first. Their foods are just spectacular and flavourful. I always get the curry and roti + curry chicken and rice. Food is unmatched in this area, though a little bit pricey for an Asian restaurant. I'd much prefer a bowl of Pho across the street, but once in a while is fine!-1 star for price, otherwise A+!
Clean and posh cake shop with a open style cake lab that any dessert experimentalist would die for! The cakes are affordable and flavours are unique. The cakes are rich but not super sweet. They have large and small cakes on display with plenty of stock in the back kitchen. They have some new flavours that are tested by the lab that might not be available in other locations that sell La Rocca cakes.They also sell individual cakes ranging between $5 - 7 bucks. Decent price for a small piece of sweet to satisfy your sweet tooth.They have a holiday baking class for $100 for 2 hours. A little pricey for the class, but I might try out other classes if I know exactly what I'll be learning and taking home.To add a plaque for a message on a cake it's an extra $2.
Busy Chinese restaurant in the Hwy7 Leslie area specializing in Cantonese style stir fries, seafood and homestyle cooking. Very busy so don't bother trying to come without a reservation on a weekend evening.Complimentary soup and dessert for all customers - minimal / no msg. Similar to home cooking.Most of the menu items on the wall are in Chinese. Many dishes have to be reserved in advance. Would be nice if there's a list of those speciality dishes so we can remember to call ahead.Seafood tank is maintained well so have good confidence in their seafood dishes. Ordered:Onion and ginger chicken - basically their steamed chicken with soy sauce like steamed fish. Very meaty, good quality and delicious.Stir fried beef cubes with 2 kinds of mushrooms - most flavourful dish of the night. Comes with mushroom and king oyster mushrooms. Goes well with riceBok choy with double preserved egg sauce - too big for a small family. Not as flavourful or as tender as I imagined. Could be improvedTiger prawns and pumpkin in egg yolk paste - very generous portion for price. Prawns are fried crispy and just the right amount of salted egg yolk paste for flavour. Pumpkin is a bit greasy but is soft. 10 big prawns in total for $25!Other than the fact that it's super busy and the servers keep coming by to shoo you away, the restaurant serves decent food for the price as long as you're able to get a seat!
My go-to pho restaurant when craving for something soupy and comforting.Introduced to this place by a friend and have been coming back time after time.The restaurant is very clean, brightly lit. All the condiments and utensils are arranged neatly on the trays at the table.   Floors are clean and the storefront is not crammed, unlike many other pho places. There're always customers no matter what time of day, indication of a quality authentic restaurant.Soup base is flavourful and hot. Meat and toppings are plentiful and the herbs and bean sprouts are always fresh. I usually order a small #42 or Bun Bo Hue, both are delicious. They have a wide selection of apps, the Cha Gio (spring rolls) and the vietnamese omelette are both really good.Parking is plentiful in the plaza. Try this place regardless whether or not you live in the area!
Similar menu to the original Papa Chang in east Markham. Quite a small restaurant, probably about 20-25 seats, in a plaza that is always packed for parking. There was a short line when we went on a saturday night, but the line moved quickly.The beef noodles had pickled greens that make the broth a little tangy compared to the shanghai / Chinese beef noodles. The brisket wasn't thoroughly marinated and a bit lacking in flavour.The omelet pancake is a great surprse. The thin crepe wraps around some egg, pork floss, lettuce and some thousand island dressing. Small enough to share as a snack or can be your main if you plan to order popcorn chicken (must order for Taiwanese food).They have a special everyday from 3-5 (?) and you can get the minced meat rice with sausage and some popular dishes for a reduced price.Seating is not super comfortable, but I'd come back for some takeout whenever I need a popcorn chicken fixing.
Only korean restaurant in the Richlane plaza. Always busy and serving up sizzing hot korean dishes.I find lots of Korean restaurants serve up similar selections. I like their kimchi here - it is more mild compared to other restaurats. Good sidedish spread with unlimited refills. The quality of their food has always been consistent.Haven't tried tabletop bbq but I ordered the grilled mackerel set which came with 2 pieces of fish on a sizzling plate and a bowl of purple rice.Nothing terribly unique at this location. A good place to grab korean food if you live in the Leslie / 16th area.Come early for less lineup.
Cozy restaurant with great Italian food, both eat in or take out. I normally get pizza to go, the crust is flavourful, crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. They also have great greek salad and if you feel for more cold cuts, the Abruzzo salad is topped with salami and other deli meats.Came on Thanksgiving monday night with a group of 6 and the food didn't disappoint.Ordered a large greek salad, large pizza (12 slices), carbonara and veal parm. The veal parm was a pleasant surprise, very cheesy and the choice of the side pasta had flavourful meat sauce. We shared the dish but can easily finish the whole dish on my own. Didn't have a chance to try their desserts, I will definitely come back to try more of their items.Note: small plaza, limited parking
A long-time local restaurant that always has seats if you need a quick bite. Served a large selection ranging from stir fries, seafood, bakery items, noodle soup, congee and HK style cafe drinks.Dishes:BBQ pork - regularbig portions and quite tender. Not too fatty. Typical BBQ stuff, served coldStir Fry Rice Noodles with Beef in Black Bean sauceWas a disappointment. There is less than a handful of black beans in the dish and the rice noodles is bland and tasteless. The noodles were also kinda hard, like they stir fried straight from the bag. There are 3 coloured peppers but overall the dish lacks flavour. Had to add soy sauce and chili oil to spice it up.I've had better dishes from here. The grouper with cream corn sauce on rice and the beef brisket noodle soups are usually good. Their egg tarts are the best, esp when they come out fresh around 3pm.I'd say their HK style fushion dishes are better than their stir fries. It's a hit or miss at this place.
We came here last night for the Monday special (1.5lb of wings for the price of 1) as I've been told it's no longer required to purchase a drink..when we asked our server she advised that we needed to get a drink.. so we did.Upon ordering a diet coke and a coke (I don't normally drink pop)..all drinks are served in red plastic "Coca Cola/Allstars" cups...upon first sip... it was PEPSI. I mean, not the end of the world, but it would've been nice to let me know that the restaurant serves Pepsi products instead of Coke (as advertised on the menu). Secondly, upon getting our orders, it seems that they've gotten a lot smaller than what they used to be when I went regularly back in University... plus.. no veggie sticks & dip? really?Lastly, our server never once came to check up on us throughout the meal, until we were done. What about the "bottomless" sodas? What if I needed something? It wasn't overly busy either, it was a cold, rainy Monday night in April after all.Overall, probably won't be returning to this location, from what I remember, the service and atmosphere at the Woodbine location is much more lively.PS. Check in on yelp and receive 10% off!
I have only eaten here once, but visit several times a year to pick up cakes for any occasion. One of Maxim's most popular cakes is definitely the meringue (mango/strawberry); they are quite pricey ($32 for an 8") but are delicious...Two of crunchy meringue (with almonds) and fresh whipped cream in between.They offer a wide variety of choices for cakes and have always been fresh (black forest, mango mousse, cheesecake/green tea cheesecake, white chocolate  cake, mango yogurt, mocha, many more!).The one time I had lunch here it was very quiet. The lunch specials are more pricey than your normal westernized HK cafes (ie. Firefly) as they can be up to $13-20 for a combo...although it comes with soup, main, beverage and a slice of cake. The food itself isn't bad, but my main complaint is the pathetic size of the cake of choice... it is literally 1/2 of a normal slice..honestly I don't think it would hurt to give a full slice.. you'd win people like me over who have a sweet tooth :3.Additionally, my other complaint would be that they charge $0.50 for a small chocolate badge if you want writing on certain cakes (i.e. the meringue). The service at the cake counter can be quite lacking although there are plenty of staff chilling behind the counter.They accept credit card for transactions over $30.
Finally got to try Nonna's Oven after a failed attempt the previous weekend (walked in and was advised an 1.5 hour wait!)..came back on a Friday night and still had to wait approximately half an hour.While waiting for our table, we silently observed what other people had on their tables... which did not help my hunger. When we finally got seated, we ordered almost one thing from every category.. including the pasta alla vodka, jojo pizza, Americana panzo, calamari, rice ball, meat balls, and a focaccia sandwich.Pasta alla vodka: This was delicious, flavourful and perfect al dente..probably my favourite dish for the night.Rice ball: I didn't like this very much, it stuck to my teeth.Jojo pizza: Delicious, thin and super crispy.Americana panzo: This was MASSIVE.. but because of the tomato sauce and veggies inside..it became quite soggy... would prefer a pizza instead.Calamari: Amazing.. the batter was crisp and stuck with the calamari, comes with marinara and a house sauce which was delicious.Overall, I would recommend coming before or after the peak times...be prepared for long waits during weekend dinner times. The portions are great for sharing are they are huge; service is friendly and seating is comfortable.FYI: They only take reservations Monday - Thursdays.
This cute little izakaya has been around for quite a while but I never gave it a chance as I assumed it was still a dingy place run by Chinese people like the prior wings place, lol.When I walked in, I was surprised to see a cute bar-type style setting with many snug booth seats. We ordered Tsuki roll, cheese buldak and spicy salmon roll as a small dinner and it came out to around $50 for two people. One thing that I love is that they use purple rice for everything.The service here is great, tea and water refills throughout our meal and the staff are very friendly.Overall, I'm not sure I would come here often as if I were actually hungry..it would be very pricey to fill me up! Additionally, the ventilation here isn't that great..everything from my hair to my clothing smelled of deep fried/oil/etc! yuckP.S. They have late night beer specials!
This place is a hit or miss.. Some days are good and some days are disappointing. There are not that many traditional Chinese dessert places in the area so this place is good to go late night for tofu dessert or some classic hk desserts..I remember hanging out here way back in high school! This place is open quite late on weekends and offer a large variety of desserts, drinks and food. The reason why I say it is a hit or miss is that I have had very watery tofu dessert before (in the wooden bucket) and some days it is the perfect consistency. The price is reasonable as the average dessert is around $5-6. My favourite desert is the warm glutinous rice with coconut milk!
This place is a modern HK tea cafe...a menu with a twist!I wanted to come here mostly for the brick toast with pork chop and ketchup sauce on fried rice..it was delicious!..but very filling..and greasy... definitely could feed 3-4 people.This place also has afternoon tea specials that come with a beverage, great value... as a nice bonus, you can choose a dessert (1/4 of a waffle with ice cream or mango pudding).Overall, this place is great for typical fried rice, noodles, snack dishes...I don't know if I would come here for the dinner seafood dishes.
This Nak Won location is the better one compared to the first Markham place location. I noticed the main difference here is food and service. First off.. This location serves purple rice with everything, the Markham location only offers steamed white rice.. The service at this location is also better, possibly because there is usually less traffic (though it does get busy on the weekends). The spicy pork sizzling plate is my favourite..and it comes with a bowl of purple rice! Nak won always offers a large selection of bottomless cold dishes with every meal such as pickled radish, fish cake, Kim chi, etc!
This place is extremely understaffed and I, as the customer should not have to take the staff's attitude for it.I used to frequent this place weekly, mostly during the weekend lunch bentos and dinner sushi trays..but have not gone back since two horrific experiences.The sushi here is decent and very reasonably priced but the serice is just ridiculous.During weekends and weekday evenings, this place place is usually a full house, with one staff waiting all the tables.On one busy weekend around noontime, my boyfriend and I came here and ordered two bento boxes, after waiting over 10 minutes to get the menu and having someone take my order. The waitress (usually the only one, an older korean lady) was running back and forth serving customers and trying to clean tables, it got to the point where a table was not cleared after half an hour of a customer leaving.All meals are served with salad and miso soup, in this case, I got my sushi box first, then subsequently had two bowls of miso soup thrown onto the table, never got my salad. When the waitress walked by again, I requested for some spicy mayo on the side, as I always do...rudely, she shook her head (acknowledging that she heard my request) but proceeded to ignore me, I never got what I asked for.Ever since that last experience, I promised myself to never come here again. There is another sushi restaurant in the same plaza, Sapporo sushi, they will be getting my business from now on.
I come to Jim Chai Kee whenever I am looking for a quick and cheap dinner!This place does not sell their service, you simply sit down, order, self-serve tea/hot water.. and in under a minute you are served a fresh bowl of wonton noodles!I love the red vinegar and hot chili oil provided, I believe you can purchase jars of the chili oil by itself.Though this place is closed on Wednesdays and early on all other days (I believe close at 8PM, last call is at 7:30PM), the wonton, noodles and broth are amazing. I have seen this place increase their prices steadily over the years -- around $5 for a bowl these days, but still the best wonton noodles in the area!
Awful service, unfortunately the good food here does not make up for the unplesant experience.First off, I have been here several times but sadly will no longer be coming back to Fraticelli's. My first experience was pleasant, the server started us off with warm bread and olive oil/vinegar and the mushroom risotto is great. The interior decor is very warm and the staff are dressed very uniform.My last (and most recent) experience, we were not offered any bread, our server never came to check up on us at all during our meal, and, to top it off he never offered us the dessert menu for after-meal desserts/beverages.Overall, for the price (~$20+ per entree), I expect a lot more, including consistent food and good service.
I have been coming to Bayview Kitchen since high school and the food has always been great. This small HK style cafe can get very busy on weekends at lunch as it is tiny, you can often find yourself sharing a large table with strangers.My favourite dish is the minced meat on rice with a raw egg on top.Over the years, the price of all items on the menu have increased dramatically and I find myself coming here less and less. Similar food and portions can be found elsewhere where you can be seated more comfortably.Overall, with all the competition out there, this place no longer stands out to me; the furniture is coming apart (the tabletops are peeling) and it is quite dirty.
We came here for the first time yesterday as a party of 3...seen Tomo Sushi around for some time and it is quite close to home but never crossed my mind to try this place out until I looked up the yelp rating.We ordered a small size sushi, sashimi and roll boat (40 pieces) and a sugar mama roll, miso soup was included.The sushi was decent, fresh fish (I think there was salmon, red tuna, tuna, seared tuna, california roll, salmon roll). The most notable item was the sugar mama roll, it was delicious...seared tuna on top of a scallop roll with crispies and mayo inside. YUM!As we got the bill we got four slices of juicy watermelon.The portions here are not too big, it was just about right size for as none of us were incredibly hungry.
I ordered the house tokotsu ramen, it was delicious! The ramen came with a little bit of corn, an egg, seaweed and pork.Opening up a ramen place in Richmond Hill, why didn't anyone think of this sooner?! .. This seems to be the only ramen place in the area..and that is why its great...dont need to travel to Yonge & Finch for Ajisen/Kinton or Warden & Steeles..The broth is quite milky and flavourful..portions are in no way large..but I guess just enough for one portion.
I have come to this Dayali location several times since they opened, it can get quite busy on weekends so reservations are a must.. though I find that even with reservations, you still have to wait 10-15 minutes for your table.First off, Dayali offers authentic nothern Chinese food so it really is a hit or miss depending on your preference..some dishes can be too much for my liking.One very popular dish at Dayali is their peking duck, which comes in two sizes..the smaller one is a small plate of duck, wraps and one plate of each topping (sauce/onions/cucumbers)..the larger one comes with more toppings and slightly more duck, which is the one displayed very nicely in some of the pictures fellow yelpers have posted. You can add $3 to get a large bowl of duck soup which is very delicious and flavourful.The prices here are very reasonable for their large portions, if you buy a membership card ($20, valid for one year) you get the discounted price on the menu, usually a few dollars off every item.This restaurant is usually very busy and all of them speak mandarin, little to no staff speak/understand cantonese and english; it is quite difficult to comminicate if you do not know the language. The decor in the restaurant is nice, but they do not do any upkeep, so you can tell that the decor gets quite dusty.
Came here for a friend's birthday when they first opened and I could see some improvement needed in terms of the staffs experience. We were the only table there during the weekday night. I ordered the butter chicken and had add garlic Naan as the main does not come with anything.. I found this place to be quite pricey a butter chicken and Naan meal easily comes up to over $20.. Very expensive for Indian food.. But it was indeed quite delicious. The portion of the butter chicken  is quite large.. Enough for me to take some home and have with rice the next day. This restaurant situated on Highway 7 but it can be hard to get in as you have to get in from the back of the commercial building
This location opened within the last year right near my house, serving freshly made noodles and mainland Chinese food.The menu offers a large selection of appetizers, dry noodles, soup noodles, etc.. they are all delicious and reasonably priced...but the clientele at this restaurant brings the entire atmosphere down.When we got in around 7pm, it was very busy and there were about 3 parties ahead of us..not much standing space at the entrance. As we stood there for about 15 minutes, the next table available was to be ours. As the table left, a Chinese lady waiting behind us for a table suddenly jumped to the table, food court style and claimed it as hers, ridiculous.The staff there did not even notice this (they were quite busy) until we brought it up and had the waitress approach the lady.I would come here again maybe during slower times but definitely would not wait in line to eat here.
This place can get quite busy around dinner time as they offer a wide variety of customizable noodle soups.They have many soups to choose from, such as tomato and pumpkin, black pepper and pig stomache, parsley and preserved eggs, malay laksa, tom yum, etc. The portions are quite generous and is great for the cold winters.Be careful with what you order on the little piece of paper as many things have additional costs, such as extra toppings, cold drinks, side dishes, etc!The price has been hiked up quite a bit since it first opened.. I remember it starting from $7.75 per basic combo..then $8.25..now I believe its up to $9.75.
This place offers great food, a wide selection of curry, delicious and large portions of pad thai.Restoran Malaysia has been a popular restaurant for many years, with many notable dishes such as their curries, pad thai, milk tea. The pricing is reasonable but I wouldn't consider it value..as the curry dishes do not come with roti or rice..it can be added at an additional cost of ~$3 per.The restaurant is closed on Mondays, and have very strict seating rules..they do not seat you if you do not have more than half your party present..even if the restaurant is empty.I believe that since a massive power outage in the summer (two years ago), they have taken advantage of that and it has been cash only..I am not sure if they have changed this in the recent months.
Great food, great value, close to home.No complaints here. I discovered this place after driving by and noticing the word RAMEN so close to home.. the store front is honestly very hidden and hard to find.. but I later found this place on Yelp.I have come here twice so far and ordered the pork bone soup broth with Japanese ramen ($9.99).. the broth is very flavourful and delicious.. I like that it is not overly salty. This place has a concept very similar to Chef Papa at Hwy 7 and Kennedy.. you get to pick your own soup base, toppings, noodles and add any sides.. though I believe they are mostly ramen-based milky soups.This place is very generous on toppings.. I have ordered anything from chashu to mussels and it seems like they give you three decent-sized pieces of each! I have also added the takoyaki side $2.50 for 3 pieces and it is honestly not bad for the price.The only difference between this place and Deer Garden/Chef Papa is that it does not include a drink for the price. You do, however, have the option of adding a Presotea drink for $2.50.. which is a pretty decent deal! 2/2 times I have come here one or both of the tapioca was not ready.. you can either wait or they are happy to let you substitute with any other toppings!
Lucullus is definitely one of the best bakeries in town in terms of quality (and the price reflects it).The egg tarts and pineapple buns are fresh, constantly hot out of the oven as they sell out rather quickly. The pasty on the egg tarts is light and flakey..perfection!This is my go-to place to pick up a cake for birthday or other occasions. The cheesecake is my favourite, as it is light and not overly sweet; the chestnut cake is worth noting as well.The cashier ladies can be kind of rude at times as it gets quite busy and hectic during the weekends; not much of a sit down place, they only have about three tables.
Came to try this new place out for dinner on Sunday. This location was nowhere as busy as the Markham location.The menu is quite extensive but I noticed that the prices are a lot more expensive than the Markham location.. and most of the menu items for dinner are combos.. (i.e. no drink, no soup, etc).. For that price, I would expect the dish to come with a beverage or something at the very least.We ordered stewed ox tail with rice ($15) and pumpkin congee ($5.50).. the congee was a decent sized bowl, but the rice dish was only enough for one person..quite pricey for a HK style cafe.
Love this new location, so close to home!This new Papa Chang's Tea Bistro has everything the original location has and more. I love that they offer combos that include a watermelon slice, pudding and a large drink.I absolutely love the minced pork and Taiwanese sausage with rice as well as the popcorn chicken bento. The menu is slightly price ($11-13 per combo) but it includes a lot of food!Their drinks are delicious (I recommend the milk green tea!!) and can also be modified similar to Chatime and whatnot with the ice/sugar levels.This place can fill up very quickly, but they have a cute little system at the front where you punch in your party size and phone number and they will notify you once a table is available!
I came here for lunch on a weekday afternoon (made a reservation for noon - they get to capacity!).I ordered the baked fish filet with cream sauce & cheese on rice and ham & clam spaghetti in tomato sauce. Both of these meals were delicious! The bill came to ~$25 after tax and tips. I highly recommend the baked fish filet with cream sauce & cheese on rice, it was very delicious. The portions don't look huge on plate but it is definitely enough to fill you up!Their meals come with soup and a slice of warm garlic toast, along with a beverage.Will definitely be back here to try other things on the menu & afternoon tea.PS. You can call ahead to make reservations, even on weekends! They are closed on Tuesdays.
We came here last night just shy of 7PM and had to wait about 20 minutes for a table..not too bad but there isn't much standing space in this restaurant.We ordered six dishes for four people and ended up having to take maybe 1/5 of it home. We ordered the soup filled dumplings (6.95 for 6 pieces); sautéed slice sea whelks; braised beef noodle soup; cold dish sliced potatoes to name a few.The portions are quite generous and the presentation of the dishes are fantastic--very visually appealing!** Do note that the takeout menus they have do not have updated pricing, the menu they give you in the restaurant reflects a price increase of about $1 per dish.
First time coming here for a seafood/Chinese dinner..ordered typical dishes such as sweet & sour pork, deep fried lobster, fish/tofu, etc. I have previously come here for the lunch combos and they are pretty decent.Meals are served with daily soup & sweet dessert soup.We were mainly excited about the scallops (shell included) which were priced at $8/each. You get a choice of garlic or black bean. When our scallops arrived.. we were shocked to find that they were PLACED into the shell.. it was a complete scam as they charged a premium for the scallops but all we were served were mediocre frozen scallops.
I have been to this restaurant twice now and both times have gotten sick from the food.The first time I came here when they first opened, I ordered the popcorn chicken with rice combo (comes with sides and orange slices).. the food itself was alright, but my meal did not come until after everyone else in my party was done with their food.. we had followed up several times.. apparently the kitchen likes to wait for multiple orders of popcorn chicken before it is fried up.Timely issues aside, we had also ordered the Taiwanese style cold noodle which came with sesame/peanut butter sauce and cucumbers..it was incredibly delicious but made both my boyfriend and I very sick that evening.Fast forward to my second (and more recent) trip to this restaurant; we ordered the pork belly with rice combo and Mama Bear hot & sour dry noodle.The rice combo was a good portion, tons of delicious fatty pork belly; the combos now come with a beverage (wintermelon tea) which I found incredibly sweet..basically sugar water.The Mama Bear hot & sour dry noodle was very delicious at first..but towards the middle got very salty and oily; the noodles were drenched in chili oil with some soy/meat paste. I felt sick later that evening.The pricing is reasonable, but the food is quite mediocore; I know that this is the only Taiwanese place in the area but I am willing to drive a bit further for food that I know wont upset my stomach.
I decided to come here for lunch on Sunday as I received a coupon for joining the social club and I had a remaining balance on a previously purchased gift card that I was not able to use my last visit due to lack of training of the staff.Based on my previous two bad experiences at this restaurant; I would definitely not have come back if there were no promotions and I did not have remaining balance on my gift card.The lunch menu indicates that the fresh mozzarella is made between 5PM-Close; when we were seated, our server advised us that the fresh mozzarella was made by so and so and gave us a few minutes to look at the menu. When placing our order, I asked whether they had the fresh mozza available (since she introduced it to us) and if so, I would take an order of the "naked". Our server said she would check with the kitchen but she thought it would be available.Five minutes later, our server came back, advised that the kitchen was not ready to prep the mozza and then turned around and walked away in a second. She did not offer or give me a chance to order another appetizer... I had to flag her down and tell her what I wanted; how unprofessional.We ordered calamari for our appetizer instead and it was quite disappointing. The breading was soft and oily, not crispy..and would crumble off the calamari when being picked up. The lobster spaghetti and stuffed meatball & spaghetti were alright; they arrived and we were not offered any fresh ground pepper or cheese to follow. I had to wait for our server to come back where I once again had to flag her down and request it.When getting the bill, we paid with the remaining balance of our gift card and surprisingly the server seemed to know how to do that properly; which I am happy to see.Overall, this Scaddabush location still needs a lot of work on their kitchen and staff.
During the handful of times I have come to this Panera, I have found the service to be extremely slow.. there are about three registers but only one staff working.. and while one customer was making a big (or very complicated order).. holding up the line, staff seemed to pace back and forth busily but refusing to serve the next in line. When finally served, I had to repeat my order three times... third time being as the staff went to get my bakery items..she forgot one of the two things I ordered.The food here is decent.. but the prices are above average. The coffee prices are about the same as Starbucks but you can get refills here (self serve).. they brew a fresh batch quite often. The hazelnut coffee is my favourite. There is a large variety of fresh scones, pastries, muffins, bagels, bread.Make sure to sign up for the Panera rewards.. as upon registering you get a free surprise loaded onto your card..and once in a while you get free coffee and treats.This place seems to quite busy most of the time... at least 70% capacity on a Monday afternoon.
I noticed that one of the popular downtown ramen chains had opened up a location in my neighborhood so I decided to give it a try last night. I was very surprised to see that it was almost empty when we arrived, as it IS the holiday season.The inside is very spacious and minimalistic..there are many blank walls and the kitchen area is very empty aside from the exposed shelves at the back used for random storage (which is not visually appealing).The menu offers a variety of options such as karaage, donburis, build-your-own ramen.. picking the soup flavor (white, red, black or light), soup (chicken or pork, pork was extra $1), noodles (thick or thin), meat (pork belly, shoulder), etc. I had the red (spicy) ramen with pork shoulder, thick noodles and sea salt. Upon receiving my bowl of noodles, I was surprised to find ONE single piece of pork shoulder, a marinated egg and a handful of noodles... very steep for $10.50.. (corn and other toppings are available to add on for ~$1+).The broth was pretty flavourful and very creamy, the noodles were meh; nothing spectacular like what I would have expected from Sansotei or Kinton (they weren't very chewy...I'd say more like spaghetti consistency).Overall, for the price and the portions given, I will not be coming back although it is one of the only ramen joints in the area.
I came here for dim sum over the holidays. I can't believe I had never tried this place out as it is very close to my house.The décor is modern with a bunch of tanks full of fish, lobster and snow crabs. I really like how the entrance is separated from the main dining by some tanks and walls as it really helps keep the heat in during the winter season. The only downside to this space is that the windows are all blocked off; there is no natural sunlight coming in.The dim sum at Yang's is slightly pricier and they do not have any early bird specials but you get what you pay for. The full-leaf tea is higher quality and more flavorful; surcharge is $1/person.We ordered the siu mai, durian puff pastry, bbq pork bun and shredded taro cake; the total came to about $25 for 2 people. The siu mai were large and very delicious; everything else was mediocre. The durian puff pastry was very disappointing as they were oddly shaped (spheres), small and there was too much dough/pastry and not enough filling.The service here is great, the interior is a lot smaller than I had imagined from the outside but I suppose that half of the restaurant space is occupied by the kitchen.
I was so excited months ago when I found out that they would be opening a Chatime/Bake Code in Hillcrest Mall (between TD and The Bay); perfect, right beside my house and I'd never have to go to the one at Commerce Gate as the parking lot is chaotic and smells like Korean bbq.For the grand opening special they had buy one get one free (for a week) but the free drink was specified to be a regular sized grass jelly roasted milk tea, mango green tea...or one other option..how disappointing.I'm not sure whether the screens rotate the menu but for the entire ~10mins I was standing there waiting for my drink..I did not see the complete menu pop up. If I was not familiar with the menu I would not have known what was available to me; they need a complete menu posted somewhere..As for the Bake Code part of the shop, there is a large display case beside the cashier where you can see the bread being made..there is a cake section with some delicious looking pastries (not too expensive either...not sure about how they taste though).. there is a large selection of bread loaves and individual pieces.. though none of the bread is covered and with all the traffic from the mall passing by.. I'd be considered about the cleanliness as I imagine people breathing all over the bread and dust being everywhere.. kind of gross.Overall, I was disappointed as I had imagined the store front to be bigger with some kind of seating area to hang out.. the store has no seats and closest would be over at the food court. My two drinks took quite some time to make as I guess there is only one person making drinks (compared to other Chatime stores).PS. They currently take cash only.. but the vincity rewards is working.
This restaurant opened about a week ago and they offer dimsum as well as massive seafood dinners. There is also a store on the side of the building which wholesales seafood. We came here tonight as a party of 12 and the bill came to ~$700 after tax and tips. The restaurant has been completely renovated inside and looks very grand and modern; when you first enter, it looks like a hotel lobby. You then walk through a hall of tanks with crabs, lobsters and other fish before you reach the main dining area. The dining area has many cute circular booth tables and many larger tables for large groups. There are also an additional 5 private rooms that have anywhere from 1 to 3 larger tables..great for privacy but there are a lot of walls everywhere and I almost got lost going to the ladies room. All of the tableware from spoons to bowls to serving spoons and platters are engraved with the restaurant name.. Quite fancy. They also serve soda in the glass bottles which is a nice touch. There are four packs of tea leaves laid out at each table for you to pick your tea of choice. For our dinner we ordered a set dinner which included soup to start, sea cucumber with duck feet, eel, 15lb lobster and crab, a bottle of white wine and dessert. The food was all very delicious but I have some concerns regarding the integrity of this restaurant. Our set dinner included 15lb of lobster (which we were shown prior to cooking.. There were 3) but when our meal came.. It was a small platter of lobster which was probably about 8lb..we brought this to the attention to the manager and he had to bring other staff to evaluate the issue. Turns out we received the wrong serving of lobster and if we never pointed it out, we would have been out half of what we paid for! We were served 4 lobsters in the end (so clearly not the lobsters we were shown).. So I do question whether customers are served what they are shown. At the end of the night, we were advised that the dessert soup of the night (sesame paste) was all out and they would be compensating us with deep fried glutinous balls (slightly disappointing.. :(.) I understand that the restaurant is newly opened and quite busy which could stir up much confusion so given that.. I would definitely give this place another chance.
Very good dim sum for a reasonable price. If you order before 11:00 I believe dishes are $2.80. All the regular foods you would see at other dim sum restaurants. I especially liked the sweet mango dessert and the black chicken was very tasty!
Not bad, food is good. Nothing special. I had a salad to start and it wasn't that good actually. The bruschetta was good. The pasta was standard fare so nothing stood out to me about my experience there.
Great food, fast service. Won tons are really good quality and they are very filling. I had the shrimp wontons and beef with noodle in soup and the noodles were good, the broth is not too oily, the beef was very soft and tender.
Very good. I've been here several times. Fish is fresh, service is great. I had the chirashi bowl twice and both times were great. Definitely recommend trying it!
My favourite sushi place yet and I have been here several times over the years. The rolls are large, servers are attentive. The sushi rice is particularly good as it is a bit sweet and I have not found another sushi restaurant that compares!
Really nice atmosphere - great for a first date - the food is really good, I really like the salad bar selection. The meat is quite tender and the servers are all very attentive.
Great place to grab a meal, have a drink. Price is reasonable, very casual, servers are attentive. Food is alright - nothing outstanding.
Really good, the food was very tasty and the service is great. I had the coconut rice and it was amazing, very fragrant and light. The food is inexpensive and good quality. Their menu is also extensive and they have several options to choose from. I also tried one of their smoothies, and was very impressed. I have been there a couple times and definitely recommend going there again.
We have been coming to this restaurant since 2001. I am of Chiu Chow decent (though not born in China) and grew up eating my grandmother's cooking. This restaurant serves some of the dishes from my childhood, my favourite being the Pig Stomach with Salted Veg Soup, heat coming from the large dose of white pepper in it.It also offers a long list of familiar dishes available at most HK eateries, of which I keep ordering the Cantonese Chow Mein, Beef Wat Tan Hor and Sliced Fish Congee. They really haven't missed the mark with any of the Cantonese dishes I've ordered. My favourite fried rice is the one with minced pork, olives and green beans.My husband orders their party trays for his staff and everyone enjoys the food. Each tray is good value for great food. * When one of my kids got diagnosed with a peanut allergy, I was relieved this restaurant took (and continues taking) precautions while preparing our orders. And now, a review of the chilli oil at the restaurant: Not for the faint hearted so do not start with a heaped spoonful if you haven't tried it before. We buy them by the bottle and use it for cooking, raising the heat in my bowl  and home hot pot. If you're a Spice Seeker like me, add it to their Sliced Fish Congee and you will never go back to non-spicy congee ever again!!
Been coming to Lemon Grass for about 5 years: good food, kitchen works quickly, generous entree portions (I seldom order side dishes) and I know I can expect decent service every time I come here.  Vietnamese pho is on target but their Laksa is not Singapore style. The Hainanese Chicken Rice is closer but still not quite the same if you are searching for the authentic Singapore version. That said, the spring onion-ginger mix that comes with the dish is sooo fragrant. Goes perfectly with the chicken but I can eat it with absolutely anything. Hmm... I think I can even eat it straight!
This is based on one dish only: the "spicy" Bun Bo Hue. Came twice to have this item and both times not spicy enough. 2nd time I told the waitress to make it "very spicy" but it still didn't hit the mark. The soup was flavourful but didn't have much heat. Will give 3 stars for friendly service, clean utensils and free WiFi.
3.5 stars : Can't find these 0.99 & 1.99 breakfast deals anywhere else in Richmond Hill, plus the Xiao Long Bao's (XLB) were tasty even at that price. Hot or cold sweetened / unsweetened soy milk at $1 single serving. There were several other items available for a dollar / couple of dollars. Was there about 9.30am on a Friday so I still found parking near the restaurant. Took the last booth in the restaurant, leafed through the menu filled with coloured photos (liked that) and wrote our order on the slip.Delicious pan fried XLB arrived first, followed by Chicken Congee that was nothing to crow about. We also ordered a glutinous rice roll stuffed with a doughstick & pork floss 肉松. The other XLB orders came out piping hot in their steamers and we were astonished at the size of our chilli cabbage dish (dinner portion size). Complimentary tea was kept warm in a thermos pot (liked that) so we didn't have to bug the servers for hot tea when we finished our soy milk. Our experience was pretty good till the end of our visit: they started clearing our table without asking if we were done, and there were other tables available in the restaurant ie. we were not in the way of someone else waiting to dine there. Suggest they be more flexible in these circumstances.
3.5 stars ~ I was there around 1pm on a weekday last week and all tables were occupied. I offered to "split" my table to accommodate two customers who were waiting. Good that they provide free WiFi, password (phone number) was on the menu cover.I ordered the Spicy Ramen on the menu. When I asked for Level 3, the friendly waitress double-checked to make sure I knew that was the highest spice level. I assured her I could take it and yes, it provided the right amount of heat I was seeking that day.My one bowl took a while to emerge from the kitchen though, even though the other tables already received their food. But it was good! The BBQ pork was delectable and its flavour stood out even though it was steeped in my red hot bowl of fire. I will be thinking of an excuse to come here again...
The people cooking your food speak Vietnamese ~ that's a big hint that you'll be eating something pretty authentic! I've dined in twice, done takeout once and plan to bring my husband here soon.The Spicy Beef Stew had good heat, broth was robust, hit the spot. But my delight came at the end of my meal: the waitress noticed I didn't finish the meat in my bowl (not because it wasn't tasty but due to my personal limits on meat consumption) and she said, "next time you don't like the food, let us know and we change it for you". Wow, that coming from an Asian restaurant tucked in a nondescript plaza - sure caught my attention!The next thing that caught my eye was a picture of their Phnom Penh Dry Noodles on their takeout menu. Looked so much like my favourite Bak Chor Mee (minced pork noodles) from Singapore! So I went back the very next day to try it. Though it wasn't what I was hoping for, this would serve as my go-to dish next time I miss home. [By the way, if any of you find Bak Chor Mee in the greater Toronto area, please connect with me!]The following week I decided to do takeout Chicken Pad Thai. Oh-my-goodness ~ it was Heavenly! The noodle stir-fry had dramatic flavours: generous lemongrass, sweet and mildly spicy. Balanced with just the right amount of crunchy veggies (raw bean sprouts + surprising dollop of pickled radish) and peanuts, I ate with relish. I think I would have punctuated my meal with "this is SO good" & several grunts of satisfaction, but I was out in public and yes, I'm shy.The Spice Seeker that I am, I was THRILLED to see on the table 2 types of chillies you can add to your food: a chilli paste (milder) and pickled chilli slices (one thin sliver packs a huge punch!)Amazing food, great service, free WiFi. No wonder this place is busy during lunchtime. Fun decor with a rustic Asian feel, the noise adds to the ambience. Cash & Debit only. Come early so you can get a parking spot in the plaza :)
From a price point perspective, Haru is not cheap.  We ordered one unagi rice ($18), one chirashi ($17), one salmon teriyaki bento ($18) and one French Kiss roll ($13).  No beverage.  The bill was $70 before tip. For a food perspective, I totally agree with Joyce K and Cindy L that the rolls are the better choices.  The French Kiss roll was rolled tight.  The apple in the middle gave a good kick in taste and a contrast in texture.  The portion was good.For the other three entrees, the portion of the protein, as in salmon, eel and sashimi, was average.  I had the chirashi.  The sashimi was fresh but it was not at all creamy or cut thick as another reviewer said.  The rice portion was very generous, and the rice tasted good enough.  I just hoped that they used better grain.  At this price point, they should be able to afford it.If you come here, my advice is same as Joyce K's.  Stick with the rolls.  You will have a better dining experience and get better value.
Ruelo serves nice chocolate cake and coffee; it is just very expensive.  We ordered a slice of chocolate cake and a latte to share. They costed $10 with tax (ouch!).  I understand quality costs, so I proceeded to enjoy the chocolate cake.  It was ultra rich and creamy yet very light in texture.  It was topped with dark chocolate, so it was not too sweet.  The latte was average only.This atmosphere at Ruelo is quaint and contemporary.  I, for some reason, don't feel like sitting for long.  Maybe it is because the high bar stool is not comfortable.
I have been to Yang's for dim sum once.  I found the decor very exquisite and expensive.  I perceived that they wanted to give the impression that they were very high end to 1) elevate the perception of their food and 2) justify the high prices.  Truth be told I didn't like their dim sum.  Nothing really impressed me to say "Oh, this is good".And thank heaven, someone else picked up the tab.Food - 3 stars Overall experience: considering the polite yet aloof service (nothing say blue blood like aloofness), the high prices, yet only average food - 2 stars
There have been enough reviews about Omei's lobsters and king crabs.  This review is based on a dinner without the lobsters and king crabs.I dined here with my mom on a weekday a few months ago.  We didn't know much about this restaurant prior.  We were seated at a small table and were given the menus.  Afterwards, they left us alone.  From the lack of smile, I felt that the services were slightly cold and inattentive.  Furthermore, the restaurant was not so busy that they had to ignore us. I originally thought that the cold service might be because we were not regular customers.  While reading the menu, I saw that some waiters took out large lobsters and king crabs on plates to show a few bigger groups of customers.  We were intrigued but obviously could not order the seafood.  My mom and I concluded that this restaurant might specialize in exquisite seafood.  Thus, we ordered a "Budda Jump Wall" as soup, a hot pot and a stir-fried vegetable.  The waitress assured us that the soup was sufficient to share among two people.The Budda Jump Wall was very impressive.  The restaurant did not skim on quality ingredients and long cooking time.  In my opinion, it was of top banquet quality, with a whole abalone, a large Japanese mushroom, some sea cucumbers, dried scallops and dried oysters.  Both my mom and I were glad that we ordered it; it was worthy of the price.  The hot pot and stir-fried vegetables were delicious but were small in portion.If I rated this dinning experience based on the food alone, I should have given 4 stars.  However, considering the lack of attentive services, I should take out 1 star.  I didn't know for sure, but I suspected that they were disinterested in us because there was no chance for them to sell us the costlier lobsters and king crabs.  I was taken back by this discriminating service attitude.  How do they expect us to get over this services and return for the Budda Jump Wall again?ADDED on SEPTEMBER 8, 2015:Not really an update but additional information that the dim sum was pretty delicious and fresh.  There was no flat priced dim sum specials on weekends.
Good enough food, good enough pricing, okay services, outstanding portion!These descriptions pretty much sum up my impression of this Congee Wong location.  Congee Wong is known for authentic Cantonese food that is flavourful.  I am not sure how the business management ensures taste consistency across the locations, but so far the flavour tastes relatively similar from location to location.  If you have eaten at one, you have been to them all.  This location stands out among peers with bigger portion.  A Sweet and Sour Pork entree ($7.50) is 20% more than what I have gotten at other locations.  The Spicy Clam Stir Fry was a small mountain.  The Scallops Stir Fry with Vegetables ($17.50) had a lot of scallops and vegetable.  The scallops were not fresh, though they had not gone bad yet.  I would not order this entree again.Services were good.  They refilled tea pots and took away empty plates promptly.  The only irritant was they mixed up the orders among tables.  We were asked at least 3 times if some dishes were ours.  I was sure they almost handed our orders to another table.I will come back to eat more.  I can't pass up a dinner deal like this.
An old schooled burger joint often upstages a trendy gourmet burger joint on core competencies.  Big Boy's Burger is another proof.  I had a Big Boy's burger.  Fresh warm bun, big chunky moist patty, fresh toppings, large portion.  It was tasty and satisfying.  Every component was fresh and yummy.  We also had a poutine and some wings.  Poutine used good potatoes, and the gravy had lot of cheese.  It was just a tart too salty for my taste.  Wings had an crispy coat.  The honey garlic sauce was slightly spicy.  All were perfect comfort food.Services is fast.  Friendly staffs are generous with the toppings. Overall 4.5 stars
Definitely high time for an update.  We came for dinner last Sunday.  A few key things had changed.  The menu was totally different from my last visit.  The prices was lower than the last visit.  There was a sign saying they wouldn't accept credit card until further notice.  And the food was better.  We ordered a Chicken Curry with Roti ($7), a Singapore Chicken Rice ($7.5) and an Appetizer Platter ($23).  Everything was very good.  1) The curry was watery, but the flavour was rich.  We loved soaking the roti in it.  There were only 2 roti, but it was fine by us because we used the remaining curry on the chicken rice.  You might order additional roti if you like.2) This brought the discussion to the Singapore Chicken Rice.  Firstly, the chicken rice was adequately flavourful.  The chicken looked falling away on the plate.  This is usually because the chicken is overcooked.  Yet the meat was tender and not overcooked when I ate it.  I then realized the reason.  The kitchen deboned the chicken!  They put the pieces back together on the plate, making it looked like a regular chicken dish.  So much labour was put in it.  The chicken tasted okay.  The spicy dipping sauce was wonderful.  The portion of both the rice and chicken was generous.  For $7.50, this dish is a deal!3) The Appetizer Platter had 3 pieces of each items: chicken satay, beef satay, vegetable spring rolls and fish cakes.  The satays were even better than the last time I had them.  They were really tender.  The flavour was strong, though not as strong as Gourmet Malaysia's satay.  The fish cake was well made, though I am used to a more spicy version.  I enjoyed them very much anyway.  I am never a fan of spring rolls, so the spring rolls tasted average to me.  Special personal bias go to how not oily everything was.Overall, really good food at a really good price.  The Singapore Chicken Rice is the best I have had in York Region for a long time.  The services was more down-to-earth or less pretentious than before.  The wait staffs are no longer the "pleasing to the eyes" type but more down to earth.  I don't know for sure, but I won't be surprised if there is a change in management or at least a change in operation direction.
It is actually 3.5 stars.This review is for lunch special on weekdays only.My coworkers and I came for Friday lunch.  The lunch specials were all priced at $8  which included a small salad and a basic hot/cold beverage.  Customers can order bubble teas and other specialty drinks for added charges.  The rice and noodles entrees arrived in 5 to 10 minutes.  Stir fry noodle and rice took 15 minutes and above.  But the waitress forewarned us about the wait at time of placing the order, so it was fair.  I ordered a spicy braised beef soup noodle.  It was very mild, more like a hint of spiciness.  The broth was boldly flavoured and delicious still.  The braised beef chunks were big and tender.The lunch special selection was limited and similar to what you could purchase at HK tea cafe.  I think this is what Destiny aims to be for lunch hours - a mini HK tea cafe.  I suppose customers can order food from the regular menu instead of the lunch special menu, but I don't know how long the wait time would have been considering the kitchen has to make one special dish separately, as opposed to mass produced lunch special items.The service was sufficient and fast.  The server split bill for each of us no problem.  The decoration was modern and nice.
We almost didn't go inside Ocean Seafood, because it looked so nice from the outside.  We thought it was expensive.  But of course, I checked Yelp and it told me this place was not expensive.  Surely, it costed us $24 only for 3 dishes, taxes inclusive.  Sweet!!We ordered a Pickled Vegetable Stir Fried Rice ($6), a Fish Fillet with Vegetable ($8) and a Beef with Asparagus ($7.50).  The stir fried rice tasted bland.  Both the fish fillet and the beef dishes tasted decent/average/okay .  The ingredients of all 3 dishes were average fresh, especially the fish (it was not rotten though).  But at this price level, my expectation was adjusted correspondingly.   Food came very fast.  Services was effective.Food only, 3 stars.  Overall value, 4 stars.
I ordered a spicy noodle, and my mom order a medium beef noodle.  First thing first, there were 2 red chillis included in the garnishment, which I appreciated.  Unfortunately, the broth of both bowls tasted like they were loaded with MSG.  These good and the bad offset each other.  The medium beef pho was small in portion.  The pho was fresh, bouncy on the bite, and tasted good.  Mom complained not having enough meat.  My spicy noodle, on the other hand, only comes in size large.  It was well portioned and had lots of ingredients.  The noodle was a different type of noodle from pho.  It was slippery to hold with chopsticks.  The broth was spicy enough to me.  Mind you my heat tolerance level is not very high.  You may add the chillies and/or chili sauce to make it spicier.The interior decoration is nice.  The services is sufficient.  The parking is easy.In summary, I like the noodle, but the broth is too MSG laden.  If a soup noodle does not allow you to choose a size, it is automatically size large.  Otherwise, you may consider ordering size large if you are a big eater.
Overall, 3.5 stars.Decor: Very pretty and contemporary.  I really like the decorative lamps and the cutting boards wall.  MWK is family friendly, too, as there are a few tablets in the waiting area to keep the children occupied.  The washrooms are located near the front door.Food: The 2 Choice of BBQ Meat ($9.50) was well portioned, but the taste was no better than Chinese grocery stores quality.   Depending on your need/preference, you may or may not want to order this entree.  Beef Slices with Garlic Shoots  ($9) was tasty.  The beef was tender and well marinated.  The sauce tasted a mix of salt and sugar. It was well portioned for the price.  It was the best dish of the evening.Fukien Fried Rice ($10) presented uniquely.  The sauce and the rice was plated separately.  The sauce portion, which had seafood, tasted like it was close to going bad but just not yet.  I poured white pepper in it.  Services: Food came out very fast.  The waitresses did not smile much.  The manager was full of smiles, though.
Food 2.5 stars.  Services plus portion +0.5 star.  Overall 3 stars.Average soup noodles, insane portion is the synopsis.  We ordered 2 small noodles.  The portion was close to the medium sized bowl of other Vietnamese noodle places.  Together they could feed 3 people.  The broth of the Shredded Chicken Rice Noodle Soup was clear, and bland.  The Spicy Beef Rice Noodle Soup was not spicy whatsoever.  I added chili sauce.  The services was considerate and effective.  We ordered a Stirred Fried Chinese Broccoli with Salted Fish.  We asked to substitute Chinese broccoli with Chinese green, since the broccoli was too tough for my mom to chew.  Not only there was no issue, the waitress voluntarily suggested to instruct the kitchen to make the Chinese green extra soft.
I am new to Korean food.  I won't say I have a good frame of reference to judge authenticity.  I leave that job to other reviewers.  I will talk about my experience and impression.  Kindly note that my heat tolerance level is limited.  I ordered a tofu soup at medium spiciness level per a suggestion of a fellow Yelper.  I noted on menu that "medium" spiciness was less spicy than "regular" spiciness.  Okay, shouldn't be too bad, I thought.  And it wasn't.  It was spicy beyond my comfort zone, but not torturingly so.  For reference, I can handle the "Hot" level wings at Wild Wings just fine, but authentic Northern Chinese spiciness is too spicy to me.  The medium spiciness at Buk Chang is in-between these two.  Spiciness aside, the tofu was very soft and smooth.  The texture was similar to the texture of tofu dessert.  Other than tofu, there were a lot of other ingredients.  One of them was a small shrimp (mentioned in menu) which was too small to eat.  All ingredients were fresh.  The soup tasted pretty good.  I liked the purple rice, too.  It was a big pot of soup.  It took me a while to finish it.  By the time I finished, I felt really full.  The ambience was down to earth, non-pretentious.  I felt like I walked into a neighbourhood corner shop in Korea.  The services was polite and effective.  I will likely return to try a bibimbap, which is my favourite Korean entree.
The average Yelp rating is 3.5 stars, and I wholeheartedly agree with the consensus.  This Ichiban has been in business for as long as I remember the Richlane Mall is opened.  I have patronized here numerous times over the years.  I believe the one undeniable strength of this restaurant is consistency.  The raw fish in sushi and sashimi has been reliably fresh.  The fish quality is similar to a good AYCE or slightly better than an average AYCE.  The rice has always been supple.  The portion is never large or small, just reasonable for an average person.  If you are a big eater, prepare to order an appetizer or a roll on top of a sashimi or sushi order.  The services is not super fast or attentive.  When they do wait on you, the wait staffs are courteous.  The waitress is often sensitive and patient with the needs of the children who dine with me, such as warm water not cold, nothing raw, nothing spicy, take forever to go through picture menus, etc...3.5 stars for food, services and decoration. 0.5 stars for consistency.
I have been to this Jack Astor's many times because it is our office favourite.  This speaks volume about the consistent quality yet predictable food Jack Astor's serves.  There is quite a bit of variety, ranging from burgers and sandwich to Thai rolls.  The waiters are usually enthusiastic.  They will split bills without complaint.   One should note that, though they present you with a lunch menu, the items on the lunch menu are all from the regular menu without price discount.  There are many choices in the regular menu that are less expensive than the ones on the lunch menu.  Thus, please don't feel that you are getting a deal by ordering from the lunch menu, nor feel that the regular items are all more expensive.
Though run by Chinese, Maxim is not a Chinese style Western bistro.  It is an upscale casual bistro that happens to be run by Chinese.  And with this arrangement, Maxim offers exceptional value when compared to other casual fine dining establishments.  Upon entry, I noticed the dim lighting, the white clothed tables, the pleasant and tasteful decoration and, you can't miss it, a wide selection of cakes in a refrigerated display case.We ordered from the set dinner menu a Pickled Pork Hock with Sauerkraut and Potato ($19) and a Maxim's Mixed Grills ($22). Both came with roll and butter, starter soup, a piece of cake of your choice and a hot beverage. The Pork Hock was well portioned.  It was the size of a baseball (see pic). The flavour was bold, though not as complicated as the authentic pork hock at The Muskets. The meat was very juicy. The flavour was unfortunately one dimensional, but the tenderness and the juiciness of the meat made up for it. The Mixed Grills had a mix of steak, pork, sausage, and lamp chops (see pic). My BF said they chops were all tender and flavourful, though maybe salty for some. The cut of the meat was good.I eagerly awaited the dessert because the cakes looked so pretty in the refrigerated display case.  There were maybe 10 types to choose from.  Patrons were expected to choose by viewing the case and ordered it through a wait staff back at table.  My BF chose a slice of Cappuccino Meringue and I chose a slice of Blueberry Almond Meringue.  I must say the Cappuccino Meringue was the better of the two.  Is Maxim good? Yes, food tastes decent.  Is Maxim a good deal?  Oh 200% yes, if you order from the set menu.  The regular menu is rather pricey.  Is Maxim French?  I am not sure.  It tastes more continental to me.  The service was efficient and sufficient, yet definitely not refine by the standard of a casual fine dining restaurant.Maxim is a solid choice if I feel like enjoying a Western meal in class but don't want to hurt my wallet too much.
Jim Chai Kee wonton soup noodled is the pinnacle of wonton soup noodle in Ontario.  You can take out 1 dozen of uncooked wontons for $9, no tax.  Perfect for camping or over night ski trips (now imagine having golf ball sized wontons with noodle as brunch in your camp site - heaven).
Nonna's Oven is a casual Italian joint that serves pizzas, pastas, sandwiches and salad.  It is similar to a mom and pa pizza take out place, but it focuses more on dining in.  We ordered a quattro stagione pizza, a tomato salad and a meatball side order.  This was too much food for 2 people.  The pizza looked pretty.  The dough tasted sweet and the toppings were flavourful and fresh.  Nonna was not stingy on using lots of black olives and artichokes.  The salad seemed homemade with fresh ingredients.  I figured I could make one just like it at home.  The interior decor is clean, basic but pleasant.  The service was polite and quick.I liked what we ate.  Nonna is quite nice as a simple, inexpensive and quality pizza joint.
This review is for the family combos for 3 or 4 people.I am in food comma.  So much food.  Too much food.I just dined there with friends.  The 5 of us shared Combo B for 4 people ($70).  There were 4 entrees in the combo: beef, pork bone soup, seafood omelette, deep fried chicken.  Each entree filled a big round plate of approximately 12 to 16 inches in diameter.  I meant the food totally filled up the plate.  We kept saying to the guy on table that he should have brought along his hockey player son to help consume the food.  The food didn't taste bad either.  We doggy bagged 5 tall cups and 1 small box of leftover.  With this level of value, no wonder the restaurant had a full house on a Tuesday evening.
It is really 3.5 stars.I visited as per the many positive Yelp reviews.  We ordered a Small Sashimi Dinner ($28) and a Lobster Roll ($17) to share.  The sashimi was fresh, big, tasty.  In other words, it was excellent and worthy of the pretty pennies.  The accompanying salad and miso soup were average.  The Lobster Roll was underwhelming.  I saw the lobster shell in 2 maki pieces, but when eating the other pieces, I could not taste the lobster.  My BF had to locate the lobster meat in the maki and showed it to me.  In other words, if I didn't know the maki had lobster meat, I really wouldn't figure it out by taste.  I am familiar with the taste of lobster meat, so something has gone amiss with the lobster meat.
I came here for lunch with co-workers.  I didn't read all the Yelp reviews ahead of time, so I didn't order a lotus rice or an eggplant lunch combo.  I ordered a vegetarian stir fried vermicelli.  It tasted all right.  Nothing stood out: not the flavour, ingredients or cooking.  I had the special soup.  It had a nice, clean flavour.  Services was friendly, which was always something to cherish in a Chinese restaurant.I will order a lotus rice next time to make up for this experience.
This review is for a dinner experience.TLDR:Good: Everything except the serviceBad: Service for this price pointThere is a story behind how we ended up at Yu Seafood. We have been avoiding visiting Yu Seafood, because it is expensive. Last weekend we had to take a senior couple to dinner, and they loved seafood.  I called 5 seafood restaurants, and fate as it was that only Yu had a table at a reasonable time.  We ordered a steamed fish, a green bean stir fry, a shredded chicken, and a sweet and sour pork served with ice.  The food was bravo!  The quality of the ingredients were top notch.  The fish was cooked with minimal garnishment, a fit that could only be pulled off with the freshest fish. The beans were tender, yet retained a light crunch.  The chicken was flavoured deep to the bones.  Overall, the flavours of all dishes were just right, hitting that magical balance of delicate yet sufficient.  Nothing was too oily.  The chef really brought his A game.  Great technique and execution.If you ever want to have a benchmark of good food cooked Cantonese style, Yu can show you.  The service was disappointing for this price point.  Despite having many servers, no one noticed us when we tried to get their attention with eye contact, a subtle wave of hand, or speaking softly.  It always required speaking up and/or interrupting someone's purposeful walk.  A dinner at Yu Seafood isn't cheap.  A steamed fish easily costs $50.  Shellfish costs more.  Yu is more of a special occasion venue than a regular family dinner venue for me.  I do feel the price is justified per quality of food, venue, ambiance.  The chefs deserve a good paycheck, too.
We ordered a lunch special and a dumpling soup noodle on a weekday.  In terms of food, the flavour and the ingredients were A-OK.  The lunch special was presented in a big combo plate.  I had never seen this presentation before.  It was a cross between Western plating and a bento box.  Both the lunch combo and the soup noodle were well portioned.  Services was average.  The decoration and seating were quite nice.For lunch, don't expect the experience to be earth shattering at Mr Congee.  It is predictable, and in a good way.
I like rich desserts.  Flash news: they are desserts; they are not supposed to be good for your waist line.  Just give me the real deal.  And BB Cafe does not disappoint.  The cheesecake was creamy and rich.  The chocolate roll cake was not too sweet.  The plating was exquisite.  The chef's attention to details showed, as well as the pride.  The server answered our questions patiently and politely.  Her knowledge in the goods showed.BB Cafe also sells sandwiches, panini, crepes and waffles for lunches and dinners.The decor is classy.  The seating at ground floor is too close, as our neighbours eavesdropped on our conversation.
Food 3 stars.+ 0.5 star for services and cooperation.  Total 3.5 stars. Magic Noodle is a good and simple noodle canteen.  The decoration is no frills, with just walls of pictures.We went for dinner last Saturday.  Since bowl noodle is not known as dinner food, getting a table took no more than 15 minutes wait.  Further parking was a breeze on a non-Tuesday evening (St Louis next door runs dinner deals on Tuesdays).We ordered a House Special Noodle (large) and a Classic Noodle (small).  I taste-tested and confirmed that they had identical broth.  The broth was clear, flavourful and not overwhelmingly salty.  I could not taste much MSG.  The meat was average.  The portion of the meat was unimpressive.  I could not visually see a noticeable portion difference between the small noodle and the large noodle.The noodle was the star at Magic Noodle.  It was high quality, as in it was fresh, smooth and chewy.  The noodle itself was one factor that contributes to the chewiness.  My BF was correct that the cook was careful not to overcook the noodle, and the technique contributed to the chewiness as well.The services was very good.  We told a waitress that we were in a rush when we asked for a table.  She gave us menus to review while we waited.  Hence, we literally placed the orders the minute we were seated.  We were in and out in 45 minutes.  We were quite pleased with the efficiency.
Upgrade rating to 4 stars, if you stick with the main entrees.We came for dinner recently.  There were more selections for dinners than lunches.  They covered from noodles and rice (mostly $10), to baked rice and pasta ($10 and up), to Western main entrees ($20 and up).  There is something for everyone in a family.  I ordered a Ham Hock ($20).  Though more expensive than a Chinese rice or noodle, the portion of protein was a lot more.  For reference, the rice with pork that my mom ordered had a lot more rice than protein, but my ham hock has a lot more protein than pasta.  Double the price, double the good ingredients.  I call this fair.  As seen in picture, the ham hock was pleasing to the eyes.  The ham tasted good, but the texture could be softer.  The pasta was good.  The services was all right.
Sapporo situates in a popular mall, unfortunately, its storefront and entrance are not visible from the busy parking lot.  I only know of its existence because its storefront faces a side street that I use to enter the mall.  I have been curious about how it has survived the disadvantage for so long.Upon entry, we were welcomed by an ambiance that signified that it was a neighborhood restaurant from older times.  We ordered a sushi set and an udon noodle stir fry.  The sushi were sufficiently fresh.  The sushi set had good fishes selection, including more expensive ingredients such as scallop and salmon roes.  The fish selection set Sapporo apart from the lower tiered sushi joints that served the same selection as the AYCE sushi places.  The udon stir fry was well-portioned.  It was a good choice for sharing.The services were good and courteous.I like Sapporo Sushi.  It doesn't try to earn your money with decoration.  Instead, it focuses on the food quality and on providing good value on food and services.
This review is about a dinner experience on a weeknight.My BF and I ordered a Wakame salad ($6), a Sushi & Ramen (in miso broth) combo ($22), and a Torched Rainbow Dragon Roll ($17).  Small salad, miso soup, noodle soup, spicy crab hand rolls, croquette, and fresh fruit were complimentary.  The Wakame salad was fresh and well portioned.  You could see how big it was in the picture.  The ramen had a nice bouncy and chewy texture, which I enjoyed much.  The miso broth was average.  It was drinkable.  The portion was great, as it was part of a combo, not a stand alone order.  The nigiri sushi was good.  The fish was fresh, they were sliced thick, and the rice to fish proportion was decent.  The torched rainbow dragon roll was impressive, and was my favourite of the meal.  The rice layer was thin.  The ingredients to rice ratio was high.  The ingredients were fresh.  The maki was sliced approximately 1cm thick.  The maki stayed intact tightly.  Nothing fell apart.  I was impressed by the skills.Last but not least, the services was above and beyond expectation.  Only the floor manager was on duty this evening.  She was warm, effective, professional.  She paid attention if we needed water refills.  She offered to replace any item that we might find imperfect.  She always smiled.  I felt like I was having a special dinner date instead of just a regular dinner.  Her services would make the owner proud.Near the end of the dinner, my BF and I had a 5-minute discussion on how many stars we should give Aoi based on the experience.  He called for 5 stars.  He couldn't find anything he could complain about.  I toyed between 4 to 5 stars.  And I knew I was being petty about what I found as imperfections.  *One* of the fish slices on the sushi, though was okay fresh, could be more fresh (yes, this is petty).  One out of the three types of ramen broth was not available, with this was a weeknight and all.  We received good food and great value at Aoi.  If the fish quality, portion or craftsmanship get better, I wonder if the current price point would hold. Overall, 4.5 stars.  We will return.  Likely very soon.
Marathon Cafe is pretty good for lunch and snack as there are numerous combos that are lunch appropriate.  Most of them are noodles and rices, all come with Marathon's famous Hong Kong milk tea or coffee.  The shop works like a diner, in that customers pay at front desk, get their own tables (no greeter to seat customers), and obtain the food at counter themselves when the food is ready. We ordered a beef brisket on rice noodle combo ($8.50) and a pork chops on egg noodle ($5.75).  The beef brisket on rice noodle had lots of beef chunks and noodle.  It surely could satisfy a big man's hunger.  My BF said the broth tasted spicy and sweet yet a little bit oily.  The pork chops noodle came with 3 pieces of pork chops of good size.  While the pork chops tasted average, the egg noodle tasted really good, and its texture was similar to wonton noodle.  I think the value of both combos are okay.Just a note that the chili oil is potent.  A little bit in the soup noodle goes a long way; I learn this the hard way.Overall, 3.5 stars.
Excitement level: 5 starsFood level: 3.5 starsAverage: 4 starsWe visited due to curiosity.  We ordered a stinky tofu ($5), a 2-meat braised appetizer ($8) and a braised pork belly combo ($9).  The 2-meat braised appetizer and the pork belly combo tasted rich and authentic Taiwanese, as verified by a dining mate who was born and raised in Taiwan.  The portion and the variety of the combo impressed.  The stinky tofu smelled stinky, and the "fragrance" lingered in my mouth for long.  However, the on-table Taiwanese said the outside was too hard.  The tofu was supposed to be light and fluffy and the outside crunchy, and this was not.  Nevertheless, we were intrigued by the many Taiwanese local options in the menu.  I really felt like trying out many of them.
We ordered 3 lunch items: a friend rice, a baked rice and a soup noodle.  All of them were bold in flavours.  All had lots of proteins and other ingredients, on top of the carbohydrate ingredients.  They were well portioned, too.  In hindsight, 2 of these items could have fed the 3 of us to stuffed.  The tricky thing is the rating of Golden Horse is subject to whether you like salty and/or oily food.  All the dishes we ordered happened to be salty.  The fried rice was on the oily side.  The baked rice was the least oily entrée among what we had ordered.  Therefore, if you are conscious of sodium and oil intake, you might want to choose the entrée very carefully.In terms of services, the business was understaffed this afternoon.  They were slow in assigning numbers to the people lining up for tables at the door.  I was not sure there was even a greeter, as I had to wave a server down to assign us a wait number.  After seated, it was almost a game to get a server's attention.  They were not avoiding us to be clear; they were busy running around serving and cleaning up tables.  Once we could get their attention, the services was effective, efficient and polite.I happen to like salty food, so the food tasted good to me.  Yet, I dislike oily food.  Together with the slow services, I consider Golden Horse a 3-starred Hong Kong cafe.  If you enjoy salty and oilier food, you will likely have higher opinion of them.
What, I have not reviewed Inatei yet?  Now this is a major oversight, as I have recommended Inatei to so many people.  Inatei serves good quality and really fresh raw fish.  It makes fresh makis.  Its udon is al dente on spot every time I order it.  Lunch entrees offer good portion.  If you get one of the tables along the back wall, there is a nice sense of privacy.  The decoration is a pleasant, contemporary traditional.  The lighting is slightly dim.  The services is polite and effective.  I always have a nice dining experience here.Inatei is not the least expensive, but the quality/portion/cost ratio makes sense, so I will say you get good value.  Does it have a fusion or adventurous menu?  I don't recall.  But as a traditional, non-AYCE, Japanese restaurant, it is the safest bet to recommend to people every time someone asks me for one in Markham/Richmond Hill.
Yay! I like Northern Dumpling Kitchen.  A Lot.  I have been here a few times.  My favourite dishes are the jelly fish appetizer and the steamed leek and pork dumplings, but I have yet to find something that tastes less than good here.  When I do explore the rest of the menu, I find the tea duck very tasty and not too dry.  They also do the noodle dishes right.  They use the mid-width noodle instead of the thick northern noodle, so there are more sauce in each bite.  Last but not least, the prices are reasonable.
I ordered a lunch special fried rice ($7).  It was rather salty, oily, and delicious, assuming you like sodium.  My dining partner ordered a baked rice with pork chops ($6).  The rice was a bit dry, so thank god for the tomato sauce that was artificially reddish in color.  The portion was not big, just enough for a single person servicing, but it came with a Hong Kong style milk tea or coffee.  The services was efficient but not the most smiley.  But I don't expect that at a low cost venue.  Parking is difficult.
Goldsor is a Hong Kong style Western food cafe.  I have only tried the lunch specials here, and they are, in my opinion, exceptional deals.  The lunch specials are combos of your choice of entree, PLUS 1 bread roll with butter, 1 bowl of house soup and 1 cup of Hong Kong style tea/coffee. For example, chicken on rice lunch special is $6, spaghetti with black pepper beef strips lunch special is $7, etc..  Sizzling plates start from $9 but it also comes with dessert.  The portion is quite large, except for the chicken on rice which is the least expensive item.  However, I still won't complain as it is so cheap ($6).  The food quality is a tricky aspect to rate.  The key to enjoy the food at Goldsor is to understand that this is (unapologetically) Hong Kong style Western food, not authentic Western food.  Some people may dislike the food because they don't taste like authentic Western food.  The food is rather saucy and it tastes overly strong (such as too peppery, or too salty, or too sweet, etc.); the spaghetti is not al dente; the meat is always cooked well done (please expect beef be tenderized by soda powder).  However, if you expect it to taste like Western food altered for a local Chinese clientele in Hong Kong, then the food at Goldsor is quite authentic (LOL, but I mean it) and enjoyable.  The favour is bold but not bad nor offensive; the food is saucy so it is perfect with plain white rice or a lot of pasta; the red meat is well done, because it is healthier (safer) than partially cooked meat.  Honestly, I personally like authentic Western food.  I do understand where this type of food come from; hence, I appreciate it for what it is.  The service at Goldsor is fast and efficient.In conclusion, the food at Goldsor is a good deal. You will be full and have leftover to take home.  It tastes okay, and you will like it if you expect it be a new type of food from another part of the world.
We went as a party of two.  Food: We ordered the dinner combo for one ($16), that came with a spicy thai soup, 2 spring rolls and 1 pad thai entry.  We added an order of red curry duck ($14).  The  combo for 1 was a good deal as it had enough food to feed both of us.  About the red curry dish, I would not order the duck or even any meat next time.  There were 10 pieces of duck meat in the bowl only, and they were nothing special.  The red curry was rich and thick (authentic thai curry is not watered down) and was the true star of the dish, so I didn't regret ordering it.  If we had ordered the vegetarian version, we would have saved $4 and would have enjoyed it just the same.  The spring rolls were standard.  The pad thai was not bland as all, as opposed to the comments of other yelpers.  I guess they have changed the recipe based on the yelpers' comment.Service was friendly and super fast.We found the decor amazing.All in all, we enjoyed the meal and the experience. We would come back again.
I had wanted to try Dayali for so long, so my expectation could be too high, but our first lunch visit was disappointing.  We got a table fast. The services was effective if lukewarm.  The food was below expectation.  The white transparent noodle was too spicy (2 stars).  It was more spicy than Indian food.  The fried rice was just bad - some bites of rice was raw; it tasted bland; there was barely any minced meat.  It was seriously over priced at $6 (1 star).  The meat pie was the only shining star of this meal.  It tasted rich.  (4 stars).Overall, 2 stars.
Café George is a Hong Kong cafe that serves Hong Kong style Western food, such as baked rice, pasta, steaks/chops with sauce on rice/pasta, etc..  Don't mix it up with HK cafés that serve mainly Chinese dishes such as stir fry rice and noodle, noodle soup, etc..  or those that serve a bit of both.  We ordered a pasta and a beef on rice.  Both tasted all right.  I thought the rose pasta sauce tasted bland.  Mental note-order tomato sauce next time.  The portion was very generous.  The services was effective and efficient.  The price was cheap.  The value was good.  I would return for a quick bite.
Authentic Indonesian or not, I am a fan of the Bali RestaurantReason #1:  Nice and relaxing ambiance.  The colours white and dark brown are the theme colours in both the interior decoration and the plate setting (see pictures).  The design is clean, bright, contemporary, yet unpretentious.  White furniture can be tricky if it is not kept clean.  Bali does a fabulous job in keeping the white furniture bright and sparkle.  I think Bali can be an inexpensive date restaurant for dinner.  This has scored a big plus with my BF.Reason #2:  Reasonably priced lunch combos with reasonable portion.  We ordered a beef noodle, a pad thai, and a golden curry dish from the lunch special menu.  All the dishes had sufficient portion for lunch.  My mom said her beef noodle tasted good.  The golden curry dish was spicy.  It was my second favourite dish of the meal.  It will be our go-to curry from now on.  The pad thai tasted okay/average.  I liked that it didn't taste like ketchup, and it was not saucy.  The best dish, however, was the complimentary tom yam soup.  It tasted complex, herbal, and it had heat.  Mom totally loved it.Reason #3:  Services was friendly and polite.  We arrived early, so the restaurant wasn't busy.  Needless to say, the food arrived quickly.Pet Peeve: I consider the cuisine here as South East Asian instead of Indonesian.  This is because most of the choices in the lunch menu are not Indonesian.
I visited for dinner with family.  We ordered a stir fried rice cake (炒年糕) and a few Shanghainese cold dishes and an order of pot stickers (鍋貼).  All of us were stunned by how delicious, fresh and exquisite the food was.  Best - Smoked fish (熏魚) and pot stickers.  The smoked fish at Yu Garden was juicy and a bit softer than the same dish I got at other places, indicating that it was freshly made not so too ago.  The pot stickers had soup inside, even thought they were pan fried.  They were my favourites of the evening.  Good-  Rice cake and soy sauce duck (醬鴨).  The soy sauce duck was meaty, lean and not oily at all.  The sauce was boldly flavoured but there wasn't much flavour in the meat.  The rice cake was skillfully stir fried.  The texture was firm but in a nice way.  The flavour was delicate.  I sprinkled salt onto it myself.Okay - Jellyfish (海蜇). There were too much shredded toppings that their textures overshadowed the natural texture of the jellyfish.  Furthermore, there was a slight sour taste in the dressing.Dessert - Souffle Egg White Balls with Red Bean Paste (高力豆沙).  These balls were freshly made per order, so they came out round and puffy, exactly the way they were supposed to be.  I really enjoyed them.  They were the second best I have ever had in Toronto.  I realize that I am paying for the culinary skills not the ingredients.  I still think they are a bit expensive at $8 for 4 balls.  Decoration is nice.  Services are attentive and professionally.  It reflects the higher end status of this restaurant.  I like Yu Garden overall.  I feel comfortable to entertain friends and guests who enjoy Shanghainese food here.
BF and I really wanted to taste the beer at 3 Brewers, so we ordered the Special et Cetera ($9.75).  It is a rail of 6 beers in smaller glasses.  It is perfect for someone who 1) wants to try out a variety of beers in one seating without drinking too much, or 2) can't make up his/her mind.  We enjoyed all the ligher beers.  We found the dark beer too bitter.  If you like bitter beer, you would like the brown.We ordered a Pulled Pork Nacho ($17.50) and a Reuben Sandwich ($14) to share.  Both tasted rich and bold.  The nachos were nicely crunchy yet not oily.  There was a lot of pulled pork.  It was flavoured with a rich, smoky, and sweet BBQ sauce.  I added hot sauce myself.  The salsa could be of better quality, such as a mix of minced tomatoes, onion and cilantro, instead of from a grocery store jar.  Nevertheless, the nachos were a marvellous shareable.The Reuben sandwich was a indulgence.  The corn beef was fatty and juicy and flavourful.  There was a LOT of cheese.  The surprise was the house salad that, instead of a typical lettuce salad, was a fresh spring mix salad in honey mustard dressing.  Well done and classy.  The sandwich was of a one-person portion only, so it was too small for sharing.  The only thing that took away 1 star was the slow services.  We visited on a Monday evening.  The place was obviously not staffed for the customer volume.  It wasn't easy for us to find a waitress for additional food and drink.  The waitress apologized every time for making us wait.  It wasn't her fault 100%, so maybe the management could look into the staffing requirement of Monday evenings.
Overall 3.5 stars.Where in Richmond Hill can you have a decent and affordable slice of cake?  Where can you sit in an outdoor patio to enjoy it?  It will be at Caffe Demetre.  We ordered the cake and coffee combo.  For $10, we got a slice of cake of our choice plus a small latte.  Considering the latte is $4, and the cake is a good size to share between 2 people, I call the value pretty good.  We got a chocolate cake.  It was rich, creamy and dressed with fruit bits and melted Belgian chocolate.  OMG, it was sooo good.  The small latte was a good size for one person.  We should have added $1 to make it a large latte for sharing.A few wait staffs served us.  They were all friendly, well presented and efficient.The interior seating is average.  The outdoor patio is decent in the evening. I like this place.  And a lot of people agree with me, cause there was a crowd waiting for tables by the time we left.
This review is for a lunch experience.  Food 4 stars. Overall value 4.5 stars.This must be the best kept secret for lunch at Hwy 404 and Hwy 7 area.I came for a Friday lunch.  The 3 items (a rice, a Japanese stir fry noodle and a sushi/sashimi bento box) that we ordered were unreasonably cheap as per the quality.  For reference, I would place the food quality of the lunch food here be a notch below Hibiki lunch, and a notch above Mi-Ne (Woodbine) lunch.  But Tsuki's lunch is cheaper than both! Tsuki Don $12 - my favourite of this meal.  Purple rice with Teriyaki sauce, raw sashimi bites, fish roes, black sesame, seaweed and mayo.  Very delicious, very sweet, very fresh.  I don't regret the calories.  This one can give Hibiki a run for its money.Sushi/Sashimi Bento Box $13 - second favourite of the meal.  Sashimi was very fresh and sufficiently creamy.  Quality was below Hibiki yet on par, in my opinion, with Inatei lunch sashimi. Craftsmanship could be better as some slices were thicker, and some were thinner. Sushi were smaller pieces, meaning they were of traditional sizes.  The fish slices on top of the rice were too thin.  No wasabi in between.  Other items in the box were tempura (good variety, meh quality), maki roll (good quality), and salad (no comment; didn't eat).  Portion was generous for the price.Yaki Soba $10 - I am not a fan of this one, because it was oily.  Further, the noodle used was thin ramen not soba.  Aside from these, it was an okay dish.  The ramen was of good quality, and it tasted alright.  Not too salty.  The portion was generous for the price.  Place was quiet at Friday lunch hour.  We got seated promptly.  Server was friendly and, as Chris C stated, she was the only one running the show on floor.  Background music was loud.I already plan to return for another lunch, and maybe try their grilled food.
Nothing on the menu warned us with 1 chili, 2 chilies, etc., yet we got the hint from the board: Caribbean, West Indian, Island food.  We ordered the food as was, and didn't ask for spice level alternation.  The food was spicy and delicious.  The spiciness was mellow at the first bite.  It added up from there.  It became too spicy for me 2/3 of the way.  I could taste the food before I got there though.  There was a complex mix of flavours: rich, bold, a variety of spices.  The chicken and goat was tender.  The marinating spices sipped deep inside the meat.  Yum yum.  The portion was generous.  Rice and bean tasted interesting.  I can't eat too spicy.  On my scale, the spiciness level is medium-high level.  A guy on the next table asked for extra chilli on the side, so I took that you could ask for super spicy.  The only complaint is the slow services.  I don't mind the divey interior at all.  If you order take out (and it seems a lot of people do), factor in extra wait time.
We came here for an impromptu dinner date on a weekday.  Upon entry, there was a big take out counter.  We walked to the right, and there was a pleasant dine-in area.  That's Italian did a good trick in furnishing this space. It gave a uplift in class without much renovation investment.Food wise, we took advantage of an incredible Yelp Check-In offer which was 2 cheese and vodka pasta for the price of 1.  The regular price for this entree is $18.  Using this deal, we effectively got a sit down dinner for $9 per person. Total deal! Thank you That's Italian.  Thank you Yelp.  The pasta was very simple: cheese and vodka on penne.  The cheese was very creamy.  The portion was substantial for $18.  For $9, I was not sure the restaurant had much profit margin.  Please note that That's Italian rotates the check-in offer periodically.Services was extremely friendly and cheerful.  There was not a hint of resentment about the ultra low dinner bill, which obviously impacted his tips earnings.  Similar to their Vaughan location, the server here aims at giving you a good time and a good experience.  I start to think that you would appreciate their services no matter your opinion of their food.
Gourmet Vegetarian is a Buddhist vegetarian restaurant.  Unlike Graceful Vegetarian at Market Village, Gourmet Vegetarian targets to be an inexpensive and down-to-earth vegetarian restaurant.  This review is about the few dinner experiences I have had.Food: The imitation meat really looks like the real thing.  I always have fun trying to see if the various vegetarian meats, made out of tofu, taste like the real deals.  The texture, however, is hits and misses.  The food is on the oily side.  However, the restaurant allows you to specify less oil, less salt, less sugar, no MSG, etc., when you place the orders.  I usually ask to have no MSG and less oil, and the food still tastes delicious.  I often find that the dishes that don't require imitation meat, such as spicy long beans (not that spicy at all), mushroom with vegetables, etc., taste impressively good.  The portion is big.Services: The services are effective and friendly.  I think the waiters and waitresses here are just really nice people.Decor: The interior decoration is non-descriptive.  There are a few Chinese calligraphy paintings hanged on the walls.In conclusion, I enjoy the meals here as they are simple.  This Chinese restaurant is also suitable for people for any ethnic groups who need to eat vegetarian dishes.
I hadn't dined at Bayview Court for a long time, but I didn't remember why.  We came for dinner last weekend.  Place was busy.  The prices looked affordable.  So far so good. Food came and it hit both of us why we didn't visit more.  Food was pretty disappointing.  We ordered a hot pot rice and a stir fry vegetable with shrimps.  The shrimps were in shell and were soggy and mushy.  The texture revealed that they were not fresh, as in they had been frozen for a long time as well that the cook did not properly defrost them.  I don't recommend it.  The hot pot was not memorable either.
This review is for the BBQ ducks (or roasted duck) and BBQ pork.  BBQ duck is my favourite Chinese BBQ, followed by BBQ pork.  We ordered takeout for both.  The BBQ pork was good/okay/decent.  The BBQ duck was meh.  The flavors were off.  Either some spices were missing or the spices are not in the right ratio.  I will return for the BBQ pork, but won't buy duck from here again.
Cold Canadian winter and hot Korean food is a match made in heaven.  It was freezing.  We wanted food that made our bodies burn, so we went for hot (temperature) and spicy (taste) Korean food.  Mom ordered a stone bowl bibimbap.  I ordered a squid with rice, served on cast iron plate.  There were 3 choices of spiciness: green chilli (mild), orange chilli (spicy), and red chilli (very spicy).  I chose orange chilli.  It was VERY spicy to me.  Lesson learned: this location of Owl keeps the authentic level of Korean spiciness. There is no wimpy watered down spiciness here.Now that I have gotten the warning out of the way, I can brag about the food.  I love the spicy squid.  It tasted devious.  The squid was not over cooked.  It was still soft.  The sauce was rich.  I loved mixing the sauce with the rice.  My mom loved the bibimbap, though I thought the rice was a bit too soggy.  I also wish they used better grain.  Both entrées were well portioned.This is a hole in a wall.  Services was customary down to earth yet sufficient.  There is no pretentious classiness or ambiance, and I like it just fine.
I am conflicted about how to rate my experience at The Captain's Boil (TCB).  The source of conflict is that I could see why some people enjoy the food and find the dining experience unique.  However, TCB is not everyone's cup of tea.  I will try to be as fair as possible, and as concise as possible.Why you would like TCB: - The shellfish is fresh and not over-cooked.  And when it is so, the natural sweetness comes through - You buy the shellfish by pound.  For the same cost, you will get more seafood here than at a regular Canadian seafood restaurant - The Cajun sauce and The Captain Boil's sauce are flavourful - Eating with hands can be fun - The decor is welcoming, causal yet effortlessly tastefulWhy you would not like TCB: - You must order one pound of same shellfish.  You cannot mix 1/2 pound of 2 things in one order.   - Eating with hands could be too much work for some people - The sauces are so salty, rich and oily that they are most definitely not good for your arteries.  But then, this is why they taste so good -  The side orders are over-priced.   - Plastic bags and disposable dinnerwareMy opinion: - I liked the freshness of the seafood and the value proposition.  I got bored eating one whole pound of the same thing. - I found the Cajun sauce delicious.  I would suggest TCB to introduce a sauce that is less salty and oily as an healthier option.   - There were many empty shells in the orders of mussels and clams, to the extent that I would suggest people to avoid ordering clams and mussels, just for the value of money sake. - I am not a big fan of the plastic bags concept.I consider TCB a fun experience.  I may take tourists to it if they are interested.
I had lunch here with family.  The noodle I had was kind of maybe okay.  I am not too sure, because the noodle was not as chewy as I am used to, yet the broth was okay.  It was not too salty.  Oh yes, it is kind of expensive.  This I am sure.Services was very iffy.  We sat at a communal table.  The server put on our bill the charges of 4 other customers who sat on the same table.  I raised the issue, and the server corrected it immediately.  He and 2 other servers apologized profusely.  I hope the billing issue will resolve when staff become more experienced. The experience of this one visit is 2.5 stars.  Yet this place is too new to not give them a chance to work out the growing pains.  They get a 3-star rating from me but observing.
I guess I have had my hope too high, with so many people telling me that Dickens serves higher standard of HK style Western food.  We ordered the set combo for 2 people ($55).  The texture of the Peppercorn Angus Steak Striploin was off.  It had been processed in a way that the meat texture was not there; it was likely a frozen steak.  The peppercorn sauce was good though.  The sea bass was fatty, but the sauce was non-descriptive.  We figured that it was based on powder milk or cream, because it upset the stomach of my BF.  Both of us liked the cooked vegetables that came with the entree.  The lobster bisque didn't have much lobster taste, as well that it did not have enough cream..  I didn't like the dessert and the coffee.The services was fast.  The cafe was clean.  The food portion was big.
I have heard that Dragon Boat is a good restaurant; I have also heard that it is expensive, so I have never stepped foot in here.  Well, both statements are correct.  I came to Dragon Boat for dim sum lunch during Chinese New Year weekend.  As expected, the restaurant was swamped.  After we got our table, we ordered 5 dim sums to share.   - The haw gow was pretty to look at and tasted delicious.  The shrimp inside was fresh and bouncy to the bite. - The BBQ rice rolls were my favourite: the rice skin was thin and almost transparent, and there were a lot of quality BBQ pork bits in the middle. - The durian pastry puffs were very fragrant, or smelly depending on your preference of smell.  The paste inside the pastry was very soft and creamy, with a hint of sweetness.  I noted that the durian fragrance remained on my breathe for a few hours after lunch.  Be forewarned. - The deep fried sticky pork dumplings were the best I have had.  I don't usually like this dish, but Dragon Boat's version was not oily or greasy.  The skin was crispy and very sweet.  The pork bits inside was salty and juicy.  The combination of crispness and softness, sweet and savory, was an assault to my sensation. - The steamed mixed vegetable and fresh mushroom rolls were big in portion and rich in taste.  It was the weakest of the 5 dim sums, but it held its own merits being the only healthy (steamed not fried) vegetarian dim sum of the day.Services were very fast.The dim sum at Dragon Boat is good.  It is not cheap but it is not the most expensive neither.  I think you do get the value that you pay for in this case.  Overall, 4 stars.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that, self-proclaimed as serving fusion cuisine, the "fusion" aspect or innovative aspect is lacking.  It may be more evident in dinner dishes. However, I don't think I have the financial budget to validate it.  I hope other Yelpers could review that.
Your experience with Top 1 is subject to how you order.  If you order la carte, it is pricey.  This rings true regardless of which entrée you order.  If you order a combo set, you are in for a reasonably priced treat.We ordered a $58 combo for dinner.  It consisted of an appetizer, a vegetable dish, a Drunken Rib, and a 2.5lb crab, stir fried "under bridge" style (橋底辣炒蟹).  There are many things that I'd like to talk about, so I organize my review in point form:1) In the menu, it says this combo is for 2 people.  Pure lie.  It easily feeds 3.  2) The highlight of the combo is the crab.  The crab we had was meaty and sweet, indicating that it was fresh.  I estimated that there was over 1lb of garlic in the dish.  Yet the garlic aroma and spice was not sharp, indicating the garlic slices were dry when they cooked them.  The crab was nicely fried.  There was a delicious coat of flavours on the shell.  Lick it, eat it, whatever, just don't miss it.  This dish had wok air, which is what under bridge spicy crab is famous for.3) The other thing the under bridge spicy crab is famous for is the spiciness.  Top 1's version didn't taste spicy to me.  It was nowhere as spicy as the dai-pai-dong version.  You should ask for extra spicy if you prefer it hot.4) The Drunken Ribs were in essence rib bites and taro deep fried in black vinegar.  It had a harden coat on the outside.  It was another wok air dish.  It tasted average, because the meat needed more tenderizing.5) The vegetable dish in the combo was small.  It was indeed 2-person portion.  6) Services was minimum considering the price range.  I expected a change of plates, since they were full of crab shells.  Never happened or offered.  When someone did wait on us, s/he was polite, effective and efficient.7) The bill came with 10% tips added on.  The calculation was clear.  Someone wrote in Chinese that the final amount was "all in".  If you cannot read Chinese, you can clarify with a server.8) I like the interior decoration.  It is a funky mix of batman statue, fortune cat doll, bookshelves, European armour, Chinese emperor attire, owls, and stuff animals.  Consider yourselves forewarned.Top 1 serves a few unique seafood entrées.  Our family will likely revisit in a bigger group to try other seafood combos.  I won't recommend ordering al carte here, however.
I visited Fresh Burger at a CMYE for dinner.  Boy, isn't it good to be led by the leader to discover the best of the best?  I ordered a regular hamburger that came with cheese, tomato and lettuce ($5).  Oh yeah, the bun was wholesome, soft and bouncy.  The beef was fluffy.  The just-right amount of toppings were fresh.  They have definitely named the company right.  We left around 9pm.  I saw people still coming in.  Don't people always love a good neighbourhood hamburger joint?
Overall, 2.5 stars. Initially, I didn't understand the low rating of this Green Grotto location.  The location, the decoration, the size of the premise, even the quantity of electric outlets didn't strike me as below average.  I thought might be people expect more sofas?  Then I found a reason for which I would give this location a lower rating.  It took a long, long, l-o-n-g time for the beverages to be ready.  The place wasn't busy; there were only 3 tables including ours.  We ordered 3 beverages.  One came within 10 minutes.  The second one took another 10 minutes.  The third one didn't show for a long time, as if it was forgotten.  I saw another table was served.  A take out order was served.  Ours was nowhere.  I waved the waitress.  She acknowledged.  Then magically, she gave us the last beverage in 2 minutes.  It was warm, not hot.  Yeah, it might have really been forgotten.All the beverages tasted satisfactory.
True rating 4 stars.  Because it is pretty much the only one that fits my criteria of a Chinese hot pot restaurant, 4.5 stars from me.Frankly, I have no choice but to be a fan because, to the best of my knowledge, Kim Tao is one of the only two hot pot restaurants that operates using the formula of 1) under $30 + 2) free broth + 3) AYCE + 4) many non-spicy broth options + 5) no time limit in the Markham/Richmond Hill area.  The other one is Made in China, but I don't like that one.Pro: Quite a few free broth choices, including spicy satay (there are spicier ones for a fee)Have beef or seafood hot pot options to choose from (I suggest you choose beef hot pot)Outstanding meat balls and fish ballsFish noodle (you must order this)Some cooked food and appetizers are availabe for free (see posters on wall)Many sauces and spices available to mix your own sauce.Free WiFiReally good prices for weekdays15% off for senior age 65 or olderCon: Decor is dated (at this price point and this volume and quality of food, I don't care)The ambience (at this price point and this volume and quality of food, I don't care)We visited on last Sunday.  The food selections were vast.  There were sufficient seafood choices available to the beef hot pot option.  The quality of all the meat and vegetable items were solid.  There were unusual items that I happened to like (pork blood, beef tripe).  All types of meat we ordered was fresh.  All the seafood items available to beef hot pot (we ordered all) were fresh.  Services was fast and effective, though more matter of fact instead of courteous.As far as Chinese AYCE hot pot restaurants in Markham/Richmond Hill area, I can't think of another one that suits me better (i.e. non spicy, free broth and AYCE).
I will keep my review really short.Food: Awesome - tender, juicy, very tasty.  5 starsServices from waiter - polite, well groom, okay execution.  3.5 starsBuffet Table - good selection of cold meat, vegetables and soup.  Fresh.  Tasty.  5 starsAvailability of meat - slow, not enough game meat made to my table on game meat night, kind of beat the purpose of attending a game meat night special.  2 stars.Decor - nice, classy.  Our section was tucked on the side, so that might be the reason the food didn't make rounds to us that frequently.  Sitting in the main section in the middle might be better; don't know.  4 stars Value - 2.5 stars due to the low availability of game meat.  Even the regular meat didn't make rounds fast.Overall: 3.7 stars.
Food 3 stars. Value +0.5 star.Warning: unless you are a big eater, one stir fried noodle or rice here can feed two adults, male or female.  The $5.99 All Day Special can be regarded as two breakfasts. Hence, I suggest you to gauge carefully how much to order.We came for lunch.  The three of us ordered a fried rice, a stir fried flat rice noodle and an all-day special.  The rice was deliciously salty.  It was totally my type of fried rice, though more meat slices would be better.  The noodle was oilier and loaded with curry flavors.  The chef was not stingy with condiments.  Again, there wasn't many meat and vegetables slices.  The all day special was really 2 breakfasts in one.  It was average.  Oh yes, we left with 3 small boxes of leftover.If you are conscious about your blood pressure, I recommend you to request them to put in less salt.
Our dining experience was middle of the road.  We ordered fish and chips and a pot roast sandwich.  Both were rather well made and tasted decent.  For the price, the sandwich was small in portion, yet it was sufficient to fill my BF up.  The batter of the fried fish was good.  It was crunchy and not too oily.  The Haddock was bland though.  Services on a Thursday evening was adequate.Turtle Jack's attempts to deliver a notch up over Montana. Food, decoration, atmosphere, services.
This is my new favorite taiwanese restaurant!  The staff is quite friendly and the variety in the menu far exceeds what I expected for a small restaurant tucked away on the side of an otherwise busy plaza.  They have meals (dish/rice/soup/veggie combo), noodles, tons of appetizer options, and some soupy noodles which they serve on a little hotpot.  There are a few variety of stinky tofu - the regular fried ones and another kind in numbing spicy broth.Overall, there's usually a bit of wait time here (usually about 10-15 mins) but the atmosphere is warm and homey.  I'd say it's maybe slightly more pricey than Papa Chang (though not by much) but the variety of dishes definitely makes me a repeat customer.
Not an expert on Scaddabush's authencity as an italian restaurant, but I love their mozzarella cheese! You must order this as a side when you come here simply because it's good and because their entree portions are otherwise not huge anyway.The entire plaza here are scattered with restaurants, as such it can get pretty busy during weekend dinner time.  Scaddabush is towards the outskirt of the plaza, so you may have better luck trying to park behind/around the back of the restaurant.  The interior has a dining area and a more bar/lounge area.  I prefer the bar area where there are TVs all around.  In the summer time, their patio is also gorgeous - a little area with vines and greenery and is a perfect spot for a sangria.Scaddabush has a variety of pasta and pizza.  Their pizza is delicious - crust is thin just the way I like it.
Dragon Boat Fusion is in the plaza across from all the good stuff at East Beaver Creek - there's barely anything else in this plaza and yet there is never any parking.  This is because this place is always busy no matter when you come.  Regardless of whether you've made a reservation, I find that more often than not you have to wait about an hour.  Unfortunately, the waiting area is not meant to handle the sheer amount of customers, so you will end up standing shoulder-to-shoulder with other people for a good amount of time.Some of the tables are pretty squished together, but if you are lucky and get a decently spaced table, a good time awaits you.  There are quite a lot of choices for dim sum here and I find it's great for both dim sum regulars (looking for more traditional dim sum) and dim sum novices (trying dim sum for the first time).  Staff are quite friendly - even if you come as a whole table of youngsters, they are still pretty friendly and courteous.  Their egg yolk steam bun is a must-try dessert!
There's a reason why Kim Tao has been around for so many years - I've yet to find another place as good as Kim Tao.  You will not find any fancy decor here, and yet it is as authentic as chinese hotpot as you can get in all their menu options, broth, sauces, and quality.  There are quite a large number of tables, the restaurant spans to the right and left of the door and also has a back section.  Kim Tao uses the fill-order-form order method which means your order can sometimes get missed.  There's a huge selection of sauces and your choice of Nestea/plum juice which is included in the price. This is what true all-you-can-eat feels like!Quality wise, they have average quality meat which is redeemed by there being so many options on their menu.  Multiple types of noodles and veggies and the portions are pretty big (despite it being all you can eat) which feels great to have your table full of delicious food.Definitely my go-to place for hotpot!
This location is different than the Scarborough location in that it is much bigger and more spacious but is not opened 24 hr.  There's a bar/high table seating along the back wall which is great for if you're by yourself and grabbing lunch - this is usually empty and you can bypass the huge lineups for tables.The noodles are great here, though as always I find that the meat/noodle ratio is unsatisfactory.  There always seems to be more noodle than available meat.  However, I overlook this because i always order their side dishes - especially the lamb skewers.  I've tried all the skewers here and definitely enjoyed lamb the most.  The octopus is great too but almost impossible to share.
I came to Nam with decent expectations because it was recommended by a friend as new, local, and authentic Vietnamese food. My friend previously had a banh mi and love it. To begin with, this is definitely a small restaurant with industrial decor and an open kitchen. I'm not sure if this is a one-off malfunction, but there is no air conditioning in this restaurant. There's a heat wave warning the past few days and there is almost zero ventilation in here. No explanation or apology from the waitresses about this, and the fans they've put around the place simply isn't enough. The menu is relatively limited - the highly recommended banh mi is the only one of its kind on the menu. There is the usual pad thai and pho, but the heat and the lack of air conditioning turned me off from hot soup. Both pad thai and rice were just okay - pad thai was a little on the sweet side. Presentation is lacking, it really looks like someone slapped the food onto the plate. The banh mi is the only item we ordered that exceeded my expectation - the pork belly is a good texture and makes the entire bun seem so fresh. Due to the heat, I ordered a Vietnamese iced coffee. I'm disappointed to say that it's not a very good value - my entire glass, once it's finished dripping and poured into the glass with ice cubes, didn't come up to a full glass. My experience was not too enjoyable due to the (unexplained) heat, and would give this one star but for the waitresses and staff who are all very young and energetic and all smiles. Consider staying away during the summer months until they either install or fix their air conditioning.
Ordered a cake here for a birthday and I have to say that everyone enjoyed it.  Had their pistachio blackcurrant cake because it's different than the other common flavours (chocolate, tiramisu etc) and was not disappointed.  The cake was soft and doesn't feel heavy at all. I did come back on a separate day to try their other cakes (all their birthday cakes come in mini 1 person size also) and macarons.  The store itself and the interior is like a typical asian bakery - not a place I want to pay for and eat my overpriced baked goods.  I do wish the cakes were not so overpriced (large cake is about $70?) and may consider getting a cake elsewhere next time simply due to price.
Came here as a party of 7 and saw that they had a semi-private room available and perfect for our party size, but they declined sitting us there because it was closed (?).  The restaurant is fairly big with ample seating.  There were many servers around but since we were in a corner we didn't always get noticed right away.  The rolls and combos on the menu are on average a few dollars more expensive than usual, so I expected higher quality.  Unfortunately, while it's certainly not bad, quality is just average.  Would not come again as it's more expensive than normal.
Deer Garden used to be my favorite noodle place.  I think their soup bases are better than other noodle places of its type (make-your-own noodle). Since it's a fish soup base, do expect a slight fish smell and flavour.  The other options such as pepper soup is really peppery - almost too much.  I really like their pumpkin soup variation.  Also, I like that noodles by default already come with cabbage and greens.  However, I cannot bring myself to come here as often as I'd like due to their bad service. This place is very busy and very little staff.  You will never get any staffs' attention - getting extra napkins, ordering extra sides, wrong drink, getting the bill.  With the amount of business they are getting, I hope they can afford to hire more staff.
This location specializes in Uni. You can expect good quality here, but man oh man is it a bit dungeonous on the inside.
Not bad place at all.Out of all korean bbq places, this has a much better look to it.But then again - it is still korean bbq.
Higher end version of Congee Queen, there's a lot of seafood to be found here. The food is adequate and tasty. The menu is large. The congee options are limitless.For a simple fun meal, this is a good spot.
I'm not sure if i came here on an off-night. The reviews seem to be very different from what I experienced. Overall ,the owner is a great guy. The place was busy when i went and so business must be good. Which is why my experience really surprised me. I ordered takeout for four. The issue was most of the food was dry and tough, and the quantities were terrible. For example, we opened up one of the chicken rotis and counted two pieces of chicken in the entire roti. The curry goat on rice situation was similar.  Two of the four eating got sick after.I suspect i went at a time when they were probably running out of food, the food might have been sitting out, or they were busier than they expected (I went in at 7.30 pm on Sunday). Moral of my story - i might give this place a second try, but definitely not from Thursday to Sunday.
A lot of people say there are no good places to eat in Richmond Hill. They're half right because it's one or the other in richmond hill - good food or good service. Finding both is rare.Restoran Malayasia's food is amazing. Service is a hit or miss. Accept this and then you will have a good time.It openend about 5 years ago, and then closed a year later to expand because of it's popularity. It opened up again about 3 times the size with a much more modern upscale look. Not bad because it used to be kinda divey.The food is really good. Malaysian food is kinda like thai meets chinese meets indian. Richer curries, spicier food, rose syrups and condensed milk, and roti's.  Definately an amazing experience.The place tends to attract a large muslim crowd because the food is also halal and decently priced. This is a good sign that a restaurant is providing good value.Food wise, nasi goreng is a must (fried rice with egg), the curries are amazing but watch the spice level, chili chicken is a favourite, but the only thing i would not order again is the pad thai. It just looks and tastes funny (red in colour) from what i'm used to. Also, order a thai iced tea - they're caloric and glorious. You will have to wait for a table - this place is that busy. Also i think they close at 10
I'm shocked i haven't reviewed this place.About a decade ago, i was introduced to this gem of a restaurant. Since that day, no other curry crab in the world has been able to compare (ok I haven't been to Singapore or Malaysia yet). You can come to this restaurant and experience it in one of two ways - as another Pan-Asian restaurant, or as Seafood heaven. The prior comes with a smaller price tag, the latter requires you to spend some money. My order is pretty standard here - the biggest crab they have in curry (don't even bother with the other styles of preps) with steamed rice and roti (if we're doing it - we're doing it right). Along with this, an order of rack of lamb, an order of grilled jumbo prawns (thankfully they get them from Vietnam now and not Japan anymore) and baked oysters. There is a large menu otherwise, so lots to choose from, but these are definitely the dishes that stand out.Be prepared though - things are going to get messy.If you're expecting excellent service here to match with the pricing - move on - this place isn't for you.
Great addition to the area. North Richmond Hill has limited options when it comes to better desserts, and La Rocca's Creative Kitchen fills that void superbly. Mid to upper quality, prices are a touch high ($5 for a cupcake for example), but when you don't feel like driving south, it works perfectly. In terms of their desserts, nothing here is pushing boundaries, but they're doing the classics, and the common classic twists very well. Popular desserts of theirs, the Hazelnut Cube, or the Yuzu White Chocolate Dome, are visually prepared perfectly, with strong flavour appeal, but a little heavy handed - too much sugar, too much yuzu, etc.
Pho Tai Bac is good. It's a solid pho joint, where the broth is delicious and clear. If you've got a craving, this is a good place to stop by. No frills, fast and friendly service.
A solid 3.5. They're doing good things at Sarpa. The sister restaurant of Terra, they meet service, food and ambiance expectations. The menu is simple and they do everything well. I personally think the mushroom salad and gnocci are exceptional here.
Moxies is Moxies - it's a chain and you'll always get consistency. As a location, it's great in the East Beaver Creek corridor with nice patio and friendly staff.
It's tough giving this place two stars - but after some thought, 2.5 is the best i can give this place based on my visit. As an a la carte sushi restaurant, price points and in reading reviews, i was expecting this place to be a tiny bit more refined. I spent $95 (pre-tip) on food with no alcohol on dinner for two. I had 5 items.... I was served with plastic cups, sticky plates, rushed and minimal service.  If i'm dishing out $50 per head.... i'd at least appreciate an actual glass and non food-court service. My point really - it's not an all you can eat sushi place, but definitely feels like one. For marginally better food quality than an AYCE, you're better of just going to one and saving yourself the poor experience. If i'm going to spend some money on a place i expect to be better than an AYCE, i think i'm better off just going downtown to a place that i know affords a much better experience at that price point (Ki, JaBistro, Blowfish, etc).They put a lot of effort into the presentation of the food, it's obvious, but that same attitude doesn't flow through the entire experience. There's also a lack of quality control and care for the customer in general. I was knowingly served sushi and sashimi that sat in a window prepared for half an hour prior to. Who does that? We're dealing with raw fish here and strict Ontario guidelines....i'm definitely never going back.
When i was in highschool like many years ago, my friends brought me here.  This place was sooo cool back in the day.  They had a full out dining area and tables out in the mall.  It was always busy. Food was so good. And it was a fun hang out joint. I recently decided to return and share my childhood memories with family.  That was such a mistake.  I was soooooo embarrassed. Prices were so much more expensive but that didn't phase me as much compared to everything else. There were no tables anymore. Dining area seemed like it was filled with random perfume products and bottles that looked like it came from a multi level marketing company.  Service was so garbage.  There was no one at the counter to take our order until i yelled out.The food was still yummy though but you can probably get it else where nowadays for half that price.
Very disappointed this time around. Waitress made eye contact with me and went away when i tried to get her attention.  My food took forever to come out.Service was so bad this time. I don't know what happened.  I also got the wrong order.  Sigh.  Then they forgot part of my order. When I reminded them (when everyone else was finished) it came out wrong as well.  I was tired of waiting so I just ate it anyways.Food was still good though but just bad service.  Its a shame that they let service ruin what would have been a good experience as the desserts r yummy.
I come here once in a while. But recently that past two times i was very unimpressed.  They literally told me that hot pot took too long to eat and they still had almost an hour to close.  They indirectly kicked us out.   Worst part is when we were leaving they seemed happy. Sigh.
The super market is ok.  I ordered bibimnengmyun at seoul korean food.  The portion isn't what I'm used to.  Very little for the price i paid.  The lady there wears gloves to handle cash then handles food.  I was so grossed out. I couldnt enjoy my food. I mean what's the point in wearing gloves then.  My egg looked like it was peeled by a noob.  Parts of the egg were missing... Ewwww and it tastes so bad.  Flavor was lacking. Spice was lacking.  I did get a side of kim chi. But... Not worth what i experienced.I'm sad. I want my money back.
I love japanese food and eat it religiously.  Its not an AYCE but i felt the price was very close to it.  pricey compared to a lot of other places i have been to that are similar in quality and service.  Food is a 4/5 and service was pretty good i would say 4.5/5.  Venue is really nice.... They didnt cheap out on decor and renos.Again.. Its pricey...Not exactly the place to go to if you want a deal.
I usually come here for congee and nothing to really complain about for food.  Service on the other hand was very awkward.  I came here an hour before close.  We literally ate in 15 mins.  The waitress was on our case the entire time.  About closing up. Bill came at the same time as our food. When we left, they were all cleaned up. Register was closing and we still had 30 mins till their official close time.
My first time here.  I figured i would try this place because nothing else is open.    Waitresses and waiters seem to just chill and play with their hair.  Chopsticks are dirty. Bowls are just stacked together in front of me and they didn't distribute it amongst my group. So far very unimpressed. Service is so bad. I'm sitting next to a door with duct tape on it. Venue not very nice either.My first dish is beef and chili sauce.  Id give it a 3/5.Second is e-fu and mushrooms. It's much better than first.I had to go up to counter to pay bill. Not sure if that's the norm there.Overall score is 2 for me.
Finally, a ramen place in the suburbs. This place has a student special; ramen with a pop for 10.99. This includes university students; not just high school students. For those of you who are still in school, you can take advantage of it. It was not so crowded when my group went on a Sunday evening. Plenty of space which is what I like unlike the crammed, smaller ramen restaurants. Good lighting and decor. The takoyakis and black ramen broth with the pork belly was delicious. In my opinion, there's not much of a difference between the thin and thick noodles. They looked pretty much the same when we were comparing. Service was great and definitely willing to come back again. Since it is near a high school, I would try not to go during the high school lunch and after school times.
I'm down for Milestones anytime anyone suggests going. It's safe to say I've tried a lot of the food on the menu. If you really have no idea what to order, I would recommend getting one of their signature dishes. On the menu, it's labelled a 'M'. There's also veggie and gluten free option. What I love about the menu is the simplicity of it. Personally, I feel if there's too much on the menu, it gets really overwhelming for me as I tend to be indecisive when it comes to ordering food. The only reason why I would give this particular Milestones a 4-star instead of 5 is because of the wait. The day we went, the restaurant was not particularly busy, however the food took a while to come for whatever reason. However, we had a lovely waitress and I would not mind coming to this Milestones again.
I've been here for both the lunch and dinner specials and it has been delicious both times. The specials are great as they usually come with appetizers, main course and dessert. I would definitely recommend all of the appetizers. Tom Yum Soup -One of the best tom yum soups I've had. Quite flavourful and just enough spice. Beef/Chicken Skewer-Great with the peanut sauce they supply Mango Salad-Refreshing especially if you've ordered a hot meal. I personally found it great right after having the Tom Yum SoupEverytime I've been to this restaurant I've ordered the Singapore Laksa and I would recommend it for those who go to the restaurant. It's the first item on the dinner special menu and there's seafood, noodles and vegetables mixed in the broth. However, something I was disappointed with was the order the food came in. For some reason my Singapore Laksa came first before our appetizers and my friend's main dish.  My other friend usually orders the curry and that took a while to make. Something we were not aware of was the different types of curry there was. The first time, my friend ordered the red/yellow curry which was just enough spice. This time she thought she would try the green curry and it was super spicy! It might be great for those who can really handle super spicy but it was too strong for my taste too. We were not aware the green curry was the "spiciest" of all the curry and wish the server had told us. We had to get a couple of glasses of water after that. Eventually, we told one of the servers it was too spicy and she made it less spicier when we took it to go and offered us dessert.
Been here a few times and for some reason every time we go, we never know what to order. This is probably just me but I prefer a list for a menu, as suppose to flipping through the photo album one by one per item. It just makes it difficult to order when we order multiple things. Pictures are great tho! The wait staff speak Chinese; as it is located in a Chinese mall. Personally, I thought they could've been more helpful in helping us decide as we had no idea what to order. We had somebody sitting at our table who was vegetarian as well. We asked if there was anything vegetarian, but she didn't say anything. Instead they got us plain udon (with no vegetables) as all the udon had some sort of meat in it. After flipping through the menu, we did find an avocado and cucumber roll - so at least that was something! Other then that, the food was A-OK. This including the sashimi, sushi, gyoza and tempuras we've had in the past.
This place has been my family to go restaurant for cantonese food recently. Small restaurant, reasonable price food and decent portions. Set meal comes with a drink. I suggest taking somebody who can read Chinese so at least you can read the menu on the wall. No English on the walls. We usually order the typical fried rice/noodles, stir fried beef, veggies, tofu, seafood. Service is fast. Great for take out too! They're pretty speedy and if you need more meats or food there's always the Excellent BBQ restaurant to get your to-go meat. Washrooms are in the mall outside the restaurant fyi.
There's a nice patio if anybody is interested? Not that I've ever seen people eat by the patio before. It is a Chinese restaurant after all. However, I must say this place is doing quite well! Considering there's not that many decent Chinese restaurants around Yonge/Major Mac, this is our go to restaurant whenever we are around the area and we enjoy it. We were also there on a Wednesday night (around 9) and there were still lots of people, which is good for them! This place does open till 11. Been here for lunch and dinner. We usually order the spicy clams (although it is hit or miss because sometimes a lot of the shells may be empty), congee (because how can you not have congee at Mr. Congee), or fried rice/noodles (for lunch) and many other things from the menu. The nice thing about this place is there are lots of options to choose from.
Drive through line ups are long, especially during free coffee week. They only give one free coffee per person so if you all of a sudden want to order more, they will only let you if there are other people with you. Customer service inside and at drive thru has always been okay for me. When inside the restaurant, they give you a ticket order number so your order does not get mixed up with the other orders. I've had my orders mixed up at other McDonald franchises in the past. The only, and in fact one of the biggest downfall for me is actually the location of the restaurant. If you want to make a left turn back on 16th avenue, especially during rush hour, good luck as there are a lot of cars on 16th avenue and no traffic lights. They're probably not going to build another traffic light as there's already traffic lights at the fire station right beside the restaurant already. I say if you want to make a left, go around during rush hour.
I've been here for both lunch and dinner and have had their specials both times. Every time I've gone the food has always been filling, and I've always had leftovers to bring home. It's kind of nice because you're paying for two meals. Although, food the next day is not always the best, I'm the type who does not like to waste food so I bring it home anyways. The appetizers, main course, dessert and the tea/coffee at the end especially really fills you up. I was excited to have the lobster bisque, however I thought it required a bit more flavouring. I had to add some more salt and pepper in it. Other then that, everything else tasted great! I realize every time I've ordered the specials, they do not have a lot of vegetables, so more vegetables on their dishes would be nice. There's also a VIP card you can get if you go there regularly. I do not come here regularly so I did not get it for myself. I find I always end up paying more every time I get these VIP cards so personally I do not get it. On a side note: I remember coming here with my friend once, and she happened to have knew the people who worked at this cafe and got the 10% discount anyways without the VIP card. Maybe I should go with her to this place more often ;)
Funny how this place turned into a dim sum place. I remember this place as the place my school had their graduation ceremony. Regardless, expect to wait for a table if you plan to come here for dim sum lunch especially on a weekend. Even if you make a reservation, chances are your table won't be ready till later even if you arrive a bit earlier or on time. We've been going to this dim sum place a lot only because my grandma likes the dim sum here in particular. Food and service is decent. No real complaints here. Location is grand. The room is quite large and the ceilings are large. You'd think the place would be some kind of fancy European event, but it's a dim sum restaurant instead. There's a stage and fancy bar which does not seem to be in use there. Just there for decoration. Nice chandeliers. There's also massive portraits from what seems to look like it's from Europe in the 1800s?
Congee Wong is our new go to place when it comes to going out for lunch/dinner with my family. The tea is sweet and tasty (just right!) and food is  great. There's lots of variety on the menu and everything has tastes delicious so far. The servers are super efficient and friendly at the same time. I have never seen servers moving so fast. I don't mean to offend anybody when saying this but I feel one server working there is equivalent to more than two server working at other restaurants. That's how fast they are! I guess they have to move fast considering how busy the restaurant can get! However, the fact they move so fast, there tends to be some spillage but regardless, they clean up quick! Although, my grandmother being more traditional is upset about the new restaurant. After Regal 16 closed, she felt it should've been another dim sum restaurant. I guess this goes to show how each generation is different.
Been here again, however, unfortunately it was a not so great experience. I don't know what happened this time but the service and food was not so great. I had a pretty bad stomach flu the week after, and I felt the sushi boat we ordered could've been made better as it looked a little sloppy and unclean. As for the service, although the place was full when we arrived, I felt it was hard to get their attention. My friend and I were totally okay with sitting at the bar, since we did not want to wait for a table however, I felt we were ignored as they were too busy seating the larger parties who  came later.
I'm so grateful my friend introduced me to this place. It's somewhat hidden in the plaza as it is not facing any of the parking spots. You have to walk towards a side pathway to get to the restaurant. However, I would say this restaurant is definitely worth it especially the price. I consider the price to be lower compared to most other sushi restaurants I've been to, and what you pay for is worth the price. There are weekly specials you can choose from if you take a look at the wall. However, I would suggest going for the bento box menu specials on the last page of the menu. The double dragon bento box is definitely one of the best deals and I would recommend it.The only negative is the place is small so the tables are seated pretty close to each other not giving much privacy for conversation.
Came here for my birthday on a Tues night and it was a pleasant experience.Note: their menu has changed - so their online menu is no longer up to date.  This was a bit disappointing since I really wanted to try the zuppa di pesce.For appetizers, we had 2 dishes:1)  the grilled calamari - a bit chewy and over charred, I don't think I'd order it again  2) polenta fries - delicious and hot!For mains, we had:1) Spaghetti - I changed the pasta from linguini to parparadelle - the pasta was delicious and the shrimps were large but slightly overcooked.  The sauce was creamy but a bit too heavy.  2) spicy ckn and mushroom linguini - the noodles were very al dente.  Again, the sauce was very heavy.Service was amazing!  The servers were quite attentive and I got a bday tiramisu from the restaurant.Overall - I felt the ambiance and service was great, but the pasta was a bit too heavy and overwhelming.
My go to pho place because the place is close by my house!The portions are generous and the service is quick.  The menu is small but has everything I want.  The broth is also not super oily like some of the other pho places.  I come here usually once a week!
Best burger I've ever had!I'm no burger connoisseur but I've had my fair share of burgers ... whether it be webbers up on Hwy 11 or Burger Priest downtown.  But Big Boys has the best burger patty I think I've ever had.... it's thick, flavourful, juicy and charbroiled just right.  It requires no additional condiments on the burger.  I could eat the patty on its own!The fries are thick cut fries.. they're good, but a bit on the heavier side.I need to come back to try the other menu items.  Their souvlaki and chicken fingers look good too!
Came here to watch the raptors playoff and the place was busy!!! The manager told us he didn't know how long the wait would be but managed to rearrange some tables to squeeze my boyfriend and I into the booth area  We were very appreciative of that! We started with a lb of wings and ckn tenders.  The wings were amazing and not heavily battered.  Just simple, fresh and saucy.  We decided to get 2 rounds as they were so good.  The chicken tenders were just okay.  A bit over fried and too salty.  The service was amazing!  I have never been to a bar where the servers were so busy, but attentive.  Hint: they take reservation even during playoff time I'll definitely be coming back... In fact,  I'm going back tonight
Your neighbourhood go-to place for a casual dining experience.  I love coming here and sitting at the bar to watch a sporting event (basketball or hockey).  If you ask them, they may even turn on the audio for that game!  They have lots of beer on tap and the servers are hit or miss, but overall decent.  Food is the same... I love getting their lettuce wrap :)
This is my favourite and go to place for rolls.  I'm a regular here whether for dine-in or take out.  This is a small Korean run Japanese restaurant with some of the freshest rolls I've ever tasted.  My favourite is their California roll: the seaweed is fresh and the cucumbers and tobiko make it nice and crunchy.  Portion size for these rolls are quite decent as well.  The price at this restaurant errs a bit on the high side, but the quality is well worth it.  Service is... meh.... you always have to get their attention to refill your tea.  however, the food is good enough for me to come back.Tip:  on fri/sat nights, make reservations by phone in advance to guarantee a spot, I believe they have a 1 hr or 1 hr and 30 min maximum sitting time.  You can also request for a booth for a bit of privacy.
My go to for local authentic Chinese food.  It's cheap and fast and portion sizes are quite reasonable.  It's not by any means a glamorous place, but it's a great option if you don't want to cook or splurge on anything fancy.Tip:  They charge 5 cents for a take out container if you don't finish your dine-in food.
This is my go to to get my congee/noodles fix.  It is located right beside London Pub and as it has gained more and more popularity over the past few months, this place can run out of parking from time to time - you can park at the neighbouring London Pub when that happens   Also, this place is not only popular amongst Asians, but also frequented by many other races.  I'm happy to see that and the waiters can also translate/explain a lot of the menu items if you have questions.Now about the food:Congee: the few times that I had the congee here, I thought it was okay... I prefer the congee at congee queen.   Quality is a bit inconsistent and can be a bit watery or flavourless.  I normally don't order the congee here.Noodles:  can't go wrong - I've been pretty happy with the fried noodles/noodles in soup every time I get it!My favourite is to come here for their afternoon tea specials.  I usually get the singapore turnip cake (there're bits of shrimp, chicken, and egg with this) and add the spring rolls and cucumber, crab, roe salad for like $2-3/plate more.  You also get bubble tea included with the price of the afternoon tea.  It's a great deal!
This is the newest location of 3 brewers uptown... about time!  They have a nice patio at this place and upon sitting down, the waitress offers 2 beer samples of your choice.  I think the beers are all made in-house (there are huge vats in the window area) and they have 2 nice mussel dishes as appetizers which i'm a fan of!I normally prefer a lighter beer... like Coors light or mill st organic so everytime i come here, i get the white beer.  Right now they have a $20 special which includes a pitcher and a platter of fried foods (pickles, onion rings, ribs, potato skins)  I've been here twice over the past month, both on friday nights, and have not had to wait in line for a table.   I'll definitely be coming back!
I decided to pick up a birthday cake here this past weekend and was quite surprised at the pricing of the cake I got.After staring at their selection for a few minutes, I asked one of the ladies over the counter how much it would be for cakes approximately. She had explained that it depended on the type of cake so I asked about the mango mousse cake that was in the display and she said it was only $30 (which I thought was pretty good for the size it was and in comparison to other bakeries I've gotten birthday cakes at). I opted for the mango mousse cake that was likely 8" for $30 and it was a good choice! The mousse was not super artificial tasting but nice and refreshing overall. The only downside about the displays of cakes was that there wasn't any signs so I wasn't able to tell what cake was which.
Still one of my favourite Korean places in GTA !My go to is the dotsol bibimbap which comes with a simple soup on the side. I love the crunch of the rice on the bottom of the stone pot and it hit the spot on a cooler spring day. This time around there were different new side dishes that I've never had including sweet potatoes. Again their kimchi is also amazing (and this is coming from someone who can't tolerate spice usually).
Dropped in to give it a try on a Saturday for a late lunch mainly out of convenience as it is next door to Yoga Tree. My friend and I ordered the spicy ramen level 1 and the curry pork cutlet ramen. The pork cutlet was a very generous portion and I thought the broth of the curry ramen was quite good. However, we both thought the spicy ramen was not too spicy or out of the ordinary. Overall, it was a good spot to have a catch up session but not sure I would come often if I wanted a ramen fix.
Came here for a late lunch around 1 on a Saturday and it wasn't very busy. We got the lunch specials. The yellow Thai curry chicken & the massaman curry with beef brisket. Both were quite flavourful with more sweetness than spiciness which is what I look for as I'm not a big fan of spicy food. I think I preferred the massaman curry over the yellow curry because of the extra sweetness of the massaman. Overall would recommend giving it a try if you're in the area. The lunch combos are less than $10 and come with Tom yum soup and a spring roll. However, it definitely does not compare to pai/Khao San road and sukho Thai.
This cafe is slightly different from your typical hong Kong style Cafe. It has more of a western flare and fusion to their dishes. I've gone for brunch a handful of times and I would say it's alright. My go to is usually a noodle soup (braised beef brisket) for lunch. I will likely come try their afternoon tea menu or early breakfast menu one day! However, I don't think it's super special. Ps. I'm a lover of hk milk tea and I would say it's one of the best parts of the meal.
H mart is very organized and clean with lots of variety of unique Korean products ! During my last visit - we also wanted to grab lunch from the foodcourt here. We ordered two small jajangmyeons and also a kimbap to share between two people. The quality wasn't bad for food court style Korean food. The portion of the jajangmyeon was bigger than expected for a small.
I've heard good things about this place so we gave it a try.I ordered roll set B (Spicy Tuna Roll, Green Dragon Roll (5 PCS), Orange Dragon Roll (5 PCS)) and the Sushi & Roll set B (Sushi (11 PCS), Dynamite Roll (5 PCS)) to share between two of us. The sushi was fresh and decently sized. Both combos were executed well and we definitely ordered more than enough food for two people! The combos came with miso soup and also a scoop of ice cream at the end.
The interior hasn't changed from when it was Alice Fazooli's. I must say though that I much preferred the food offered by Alice Fazooli's over Scaddabush. Not too many items were appealing on the menu as they seemed very standard for a chain restaurant. My group decided to order and share apps:- Calamari fritti 4/5: I think this was the best part of the night for me, the calamari wasn't super tough and was fried just enough. - chicken parmesan bites 3/5: the chicken bites were quite salty with the parmesan and the sauce it came with balanced it out but I thought this was only average.I ordered the butcher pizza and also sampled the bolognese. The pizza was super salty and I could barely finish half of it. The bolognese on the other hand was bland and quite tasteless. Will most likely not come back.
I've been here quite a few times and I think the quality and price for a sushi place in this area is not bad at all.The combos and meal comes with miso soup, salad and green tea ice cream (yumm).  I believe I ordered the combo #1 that comes with 6 pieces of maki, various sashimi and sushi. Along with that we ordered one of their special rolls with warm fish on top, this roll was quite delicious but tasted weird once it cooled down. The sauce may it feel very heavy as well.Overall, good sushi for once in a while but definitely some better places out there.
The wait of this place can go upwards of 1 hour during dinner time but we luckily got one of the last tables as we came earlier around 630 pm for dinner. There's a home-y feel to the restaurant environment. This place is kinda hidden in the quiet plaza so it's hard to notice otherwise.We ordered the lasagna and the meat lover's pizza to share and the food came relatively fast. However, the food wasn't as hot as I wanted it to be, we may have gotten unlucky and had one of the last pieces of the batch of lasagna. As we were eating, we saw other tables get their food and it looked pipping hot. Overall, the portions and sizes are relatively good. If I were to compare this to Levetto, I think Levetto would still be my go to.
Why hello there mismatched chairs, dark hipster lighting, and many different kinds of tables. Scaddabush is in the plaza with the many different eateries on Beaver Creek. At peak times, parking can be a disaster, so make sure you come a little earlier to make your reservations. We ordered the naked mozzarella, the butcher pizza, and the pollo fettuccine (I think that's what it's called). I recommend the mozzarella as it was pleasantly delicious. Wasn't sure what I was expecting but it was very light and mild, and if you'd like to order an appy, it's a yummy choice! The pizza and pasta were good. It wasn't a mind blowing experience but it was made fresh. Scaddabush is a B+ in my book. Great place for date nights and big parties. Amazing atmosphere. Pretty good food as well. Recommended.
I hate this Chako. I've been here a couple of times and the service is atrocious. Food is decent (it's hard to screw up pieces of raw meat...). No point talking about the food side since everyone else has wrote about it.  We came for the late night dinner and the hostess sat us down and it was 30 minutes to close. It didn't seem like an issue and we asked when was last call. The waitress told us she will come around close to 12 and will ask us one last time. So at first it was ok, and we received our food in a timely manner but she gave us food we didn't order. It was such a waste of food because we didn't ask for the extra 7 dishes she gave us. After that, she never came back again until the end. We had various waiters that filled our glass but for literally a good 15 minutes we never saw a waiter again. We asked a waiter to change our grill, and for 10 minutes he didn't come back. We realized it was past 12 and no one had asked us about last call and when he came back, we asked and he's like "yeah, it's done" and walked away. We're like what the hell, because 2/3 of us still wanted more dishes. At the end of our meal and when they wanted us to leave in a passive way, the original waitress came back and asked us to pay. I told her she didn't tell us about last call and she basically shrugged it off and blamed the hostess but c'mon. Unimpressed and frankly annoyed at the service I've had here (previous experiences have been similar). They automatically charge 10% service charge, which is way more than I would "tip" for this garbage. Go to the Chako in Scarborough or the Korean Grill House on hwy 7 instead. Service at both of these places are much better and seem like they actually care about their jobs.
100 reviews with a 4 star review? Had to come and try.Came here with a coworker for lunch, and arrived into a small restaurant bustling with almost full capacity tables on a weekday at 12. That's a really good sign. It's definitely a restaurant that is a Yelp find, as it is tucked away in a plaza that you wouldn't probably visit. We went for the bento/lunch combos; I ordered the beef teriyaki bento box, he had the dynamite/california roll combo and we split a green dragon + 3 sushi combo as well. It's safe to say, we were STUFFED.Beef Teriyaki Bento BoxI was okay with this. Nothing tasted bad but I probably wouldn't order this again (I'd try something else). The portions were quite small and I was not that full after, and the prices I found were a little higher than other bentos at about $13-15.Green Dragon + 3 SushiThis was about $10 I believe... or a little higher, but these rolls were MASSIVE. Each piece was about the size of a baby's hand. The struggle was real to fit the whole thing in your mouth. It comes with 10 pieces too (if my memory serves me right!). It was really good. Everything was fresh and I enjoyed this dish. My partner said everything was delicious, but tbh he says that about almost everything haha.Service was pretty good. They did the loud greeting thing and was very nice. Unfortunately since it was so busy, we did not really receive much service aside from the ordering/bringing of the food. They seemed very genuine though.4/5. I am not the biggest a la carte sushi person but I'd recommend it for any sushi craving.
Found some fresh new coworkers that were raving about "amazing" burgers here. I was a little hesitant as I am not a burger guy but I have to say it's really cool here. From what I quickly saw, most of it came in a combo form of a burger, drink (that you grab from the fridge), and fries. It was a small wait; it wasn't packed but my coworker warned me that when it gets busy, it could be a while as everything is made to order. Hence: fresh.When we grabbed our little baggies, we headed back and I took a bite. It's a really good burger. You can feel the freshness and I enjoyed it. I was not really hungry, so I couldn't even finish my fries. They aren't the best I've ever had, but definitely are the tip of the iceberg to fill you up.Good place to get a good burger. 4/5.
Deer Garden is one of my go-to noodle places. The amount of customization is amazing and the combo is only $10. Lots of different soup bases, lots of noodles, lots of toppings, and you even get a drink with the combo. I usually upgrade and get their milk tea with tapioca which is not bad at all. The side dishes are also fun add ons for a few dollars. If I'm super hungry, the fried chicken wings are great, but usually the large bowl of noodles is enough for me. If you don't want noodles, they also have great options for rice bowls that are tasty as well. The place is pretty busy during the usual peak hours. Try to come earlier or later and you'll most likely get a seat. It has typical Asian decor but it is nice and comfortable with modern accents. Service is good. I usually see the same waitress whenever I come and my requests are received in a timely manner and I've never had a bad experience. It's not the best service, but you won't have a bad time. For good quality, a large variety of options, and a quick and hearty bite to eat, Deer Garden is an excellent option.
Uhm, yeah I'm addicted to this place now. Initially I wrote off these kinds of chain breakfast restaurants as garbage such as other those-that-shall-not-be-named chains but I was really impressed with Eggsmart. This place is located in a small plaza with a bunch of other weird shops. It is at the very tip at the end. We went here on a whim and I really wasn't expecting much, but I can confidently say that I recommend it for any traditional breakfast lovers. I always get the big breakfast which comes with a mass of food and pancakes for only $10 something which is amazing!!! And you know why some breakfast places are bad? The big tell is how they treat their eggs. Eggsmart's eggs are beautiful and tasty. The quality is quite good and yummy. Service is very good. I've gone here 3 times in the past two weeks and I'm hoping they recognize me as a regular soon!!! They are always attentive and greeting you and saying goodbye as well. Recommended for all yo' breakfast needs!!
Came here for a birthday with 4 friends, and I wanted to go to a chain American cuisine restaurant to celebrate. I would say this visit was subpar but I would say it is not the establishments fault, but the chain in general. The decor is comfy and it was relatively clean, but the problem for me was the menu, where it felt short and a thought of "that's it?" The prices were higher than places like Kelsey's and I felt that the portions were smaller as well. I was not full after ordering the seemingly big burger that was $17 on the menu. Another negative on my part was that they asked if I wanted gravy and unbeknownst to me, it was an extra $1.50 on the end of the bill. Our waiter did not tell me and I would have really done without it if he said it was extra. I didn't make a big deal about it but... Yeah. He had decent service, but it took a bit of extra time to flag him down because it was very busy. We received the small free birthday brownie dessert thing and went on our way after that. This visit was not the greatest and I probably wouldn't come again for a while.
Have a craving for dumplings? Well you can't go wrong with a place with "dumpling" in their name! Came here for lunch on a Sunday, and with a 4 star review, we were definitely expecting big tingz for this bad boy here. We ordered the steamed pork and mushroom dumplings which comes in 10 for 4.99, soup dumplings that come in 6 for 6.00, and pan fried beef dumplings with 5 for $5.50-6.00. Hands down, our favorite was the pan fried dumplings which of course had to be the lowest quantity. The biggest bang for your buck would definitely be the steamed dumplings which were pretty good. We really craved for the soup dumplings, and unfortunately it was our least favorite. It didn't come out piping hot like we were used to, and it was quite salty on the inside. Quite disappointed in that. We also ordered a noodle on the side which was a decent price of 6.99. Between the both of us for a nice meal, it was about $13 each. Service was very Chinese lol. Bring your meal and never come back. If you're of a different ethnicity, the menu is in English and are able to understand you, so no worries there. I think I'd like to visit other dumpling places first to see if this is the best. It's good, but still more to be desired. 3.5/5.
I am curious with the very polarized reviews, as I am on the low range with 2/5 stars. This place at the time had 4-5 stars when we decided to go, and we were disappointed with our experience.Service was one of my notable bad experiences I've ever had. We weren't greeted. We had to wait for someone to seat us for over 5 minutes even though there was an employee standing right there. He did not notify the server and he didn't greet us either. It was very unwelcoming and had an unfriendly vibe. After seating us on the second floor, we scoured the menu and decided to order the fondue, a shaved ice, and a sundae. Service was slow and it took forever for her to bring us stuff and after delivering our food, we never saw her again until we went downstairs to pay our bill (because we knew she wouldn't come back to check on us).The desserts were interesting. I've never had Persian sweets before so I'm not sure if it's my tastebuds or my lack of understanding, but it was subpar, had small portions, and a little pricey for me.To conclude, I would not come back again and I do not recommend it. The only positives is that it had wifi and the decor was comfy. 2/5.
Magic Noodle's new expansion to their late night eatery is in my opinion, not so magical. The establishment itself is actually quite modern and the appliances are all new and spiffy, but the food is supposed to be the main star of the show, and unfortunately, it was not. I ordered "The Magic," which has a lot of random stuff included. I was excited because the pictures looked very yummy and appetizing, but when the actual food came out, it was uninspiring and quite sad looking. Yes I know it's not supposed to look the same, but the differences are big. It was also an ok taste and size. I was not that hungry when I came, and I was not that full when I left. Magic Noodle is known for their tiny appetizers, but I am pretty sure their prices went up so all the dishes are $4 and up. This makes me not want to order anything because the money issues are real and I can get 2 McDoubles next door instead of a small plate of seaweed salad. The service was inattentive and uncaring.I give this place 3/5 because while the menu is nicely updated and the decor is modern, the food quality was not amazing and the service is lacking. This place is quite a drive for me and I wouldn't come back again unless I was in the area.
The service is good, the interior is pretty, the dishes are clean, and the dim sum is fresh. However most dishes lacked flavor. But they may be catering to the older population so foods are less salty. So I guess it's healthy?The only thing I liked was the almond bun. The filling was warm with a strong almond taste. It wasnt too sweet either. You can come to this place at 11 am without lining up. There are no morning specials.
This place used to be a hong kong style type restuarant with stir fry dishes and baked rice. They did a complete renovation so it serves dim sum now. The place is beautifully renovated with modern lighting. They have morning special with small, medium, large dim sum costing only $2.99 before 11 am. This appplies monday to friday excluding holidays. The tea pricr is $1.50/person. This place opens at 8:30 am, and I walked in at 8:40. There were only a few occupied tables. All the staff were really polite and considerate. However, maybe I was just super unlucky because my dishes were so dirty with very noticable yellow stains, despite asking them to change it for me twice. But other people at my table had clean dishes, so I was just unlucky. I got bbq roasted pork cheung fun (rice noodle) and I didnt like it because there was too much fat on the meat. The shrimp dumpling had a really thick skin but the shrimp was fresh. The steamed chicken and steamed salmon was ok. The matcha glutinous crepe with sweet nuts was good.
I love this place. It is my first time trying Afghan food and it def won't be my last. The area is large and spacious. The area is clean and modern. There are lots of seatings. This is a self serve style resturant where you order and pick it up your self. I ordered the tandori chicken and it was really flavourful. The chicken was super juicy as well. It came with a salad and a naan bread which was amazing. Everything was fresh and hot. It came with a brownish spicy garlicy sauce that went really well with the chicken.
I came here on a Friday afternoon for a late lunch. This restuarant is quite small and can get crowded and heated quite quickly. I ordered a fried pork chop stir fry noodle ($7.50), green onion pancake($3.50), and steamed beef and radish dumpling ($5.29). The steamed dumpling came in a order of 10. The skin was quite thin and fillings were quite tasty with amazing soup squirting out of the dumpling. The dumpling size is on the smaller end of the spectrum. The stir fry noodle was chewy and the pork chop was flavourful. I was really thankful they used lean meat and there weren't fat attached to it. The green onion pancake is good but alot smaller then chinese dumpling house. The portion sizes are alittle bit smaller but taste is good and prices are cheap. They have lunch specials from 11-3. Their spicy chili sauce goes well with the noodle and dumpling.
So I usually come around 5ish for early dinners and its usually not that busy. Also if you order from their preset menus its $1.00 off from their regular price and it includes one hot drink. This pricing happens from 3-6 pm and 9 pm onwards. The portions are quite filling especially their rice bowls. I also love their laksha soup noodles with their pork cutlet. I ordered their hot chocolate as my drink which I think is a good deal because usually in normal asian cafes hot chocolate is extra money. The cold speciality drinks are also yummy.
This review is for their mini cake tarts. I got their chestnut mont blanc for $7.50 and yuzu tart for $6.50 both were extremely smooth and delicious. The chestnut cream in the mont blanc had such a rich chestnut flavour. The under layer consisted of cream and I believe cake mixed with lots of nut. The texture went from smooth in the outer layer to a more rough texture in the inner layer. Which was amazing in my mouth. The tart itself was like a mixture between cookie and tart. It was too buttery at all. The tart itself wasnt overly sweet at all. The yuzu tart was a lime flavour. It was a great ratio between sweet and sour. They also have a burnt cream on top of the tart. The burnt flavour was so refreshing and so delicious. The tart was thinner and more crispy compared to the mont blanc. Both were excellent. I will definitely come back and try their other tarts.
I came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon and a few tables were already occupied at that time. I got the xo stir fried cheung fun for $5.50 and the tilpia eaten in 2 ways (congee and fried in maggie sauce) for 16.99. The congee was huge but they put alcohol in the congee so I felt like I was eating alcohol flavoured congee. It was wierd. The fish wasnt fresh either because it was quite fishy. The fried fish was tasteless. Didnt really taste the maggie sauce at all. The stir fried cheung fun was tasteless. I think they forgot to put the soya sauce. At the end of the meal they gave us complementary mango yogurt. That was also tasteless. Everything I ate was tasteless. Everything came out hot and staff were friendly. Atmosphere is quite dark.
This review is for their $1.00 morning special. Their breakfast is from 9:00 am-11:00 am. We got three different kinds xiao long biao. The steamed pork one was 0.99 for the first order, subsequent orders are an extra dollar more. The pan fried xiao long biao for 1.99$ and the crab and pork one for $1.99. Again only the first order is $1.99 subsequent orders are around an extra dollar more. The quality of the xiao long biao of course doesnt compare to ding tai fung which costs $6.99. The skin is definitely thicker and meat is more tough. The juice is nothing compared to ding tai fung, but it comes in 4 pieces and costs $0.99 so im ok with the quality. It came in four pieces and it was nice and hot. We also got the warm soy bean drink sweetened for $1.00. It came in a medium bowl and it was quite tasty. It wasnt overly sweet. We also called the fried rice cake for $1.00 and it came in one piece. It was slightly salty and super crispy. Outside was crispy and inside has a gooey texture. I quite like this dish. The last thing we got was the pan fried onion cake for 1.00$/ piece. Also nicely fried but lacked the onion flavour, still good though. The quality definitely does not compare to traditional shanghai dim sum resturants. But the price makes up for it. We ordered all that for under $9.00 and we were super full. This is definitely an afforable resturant for shanghai morning goodies.
Can never go wrong with Italian food. I love coming here for my cheat days. The atmosphere is nice and food isnt bad. I always get their fococcia breads cuz I absolutely love Italian bread and its made fresh. I got the Italian before and it was a bit to heavy for me so this time I got the roasted vegetable fococcia and it was so good. Filled with vegetables and goat cheese. Wasnt a fan of the goat cheese but it was tolerable. And of course their fries are super nice and crispy. You get to choose between rosemary garlic and regular. I got the rosemary garlic last time ans it made me super thirsty throughout the night so I chose regular this time and wasnt as thirsty. We also got the sophia pizza which is grilled chicken with carmalized onion and balsamic vineguar. Also good. But I did notice the portion size was smaller than before, not significantly but noticeable. Service can be a hit or miss. We honestly sat there for 30 minutes before we were able to get someones attention. But other times service was fine.
Really good shawarma. Great serving size as well. Always leave full and wanting to return again!
This place is my go to for bubble tea and their delicious waffles and ice cream. Always very busy but service has always been fast for me. They recently updated their menus and have added some more options which have me continually returning.
This Scaddabush location is a lot closer to me than the one located downtown, so to celebrate my birthday this year, this was the location we unanimously chose. The food here is passable. Wasn't really anything to write home about. There is obviously way better Italian elsewhere. The food to me felt like what you'd expect from a chain restaurant. East side Mario food on fancy plates really. The service was also a pass for me, but barely. Our server was great, very attentive and kept coming back to check on us (20 person party). She suggested the best drinks, meals and comped some drinks + dessert for the table which was great and appreciated. We didn't ask, so it was nice that she went out of her way to do that. Where the service fell flat though was when we arrived. I called days ahead to book several tables as walking in with 20 people would take forever to get seated. Upon arrival I was shown to the back near the windows. 4 tables with approx 10 chairs. I told the hostess, was a guy, that I booked for 20. His response was "ya, once this area clears we'll pull up some chairs". Ughhhh, okay.. I guess half my party will stand for an hour? Why take a party of 20 and seat us if you don't even have the space? How stupid is that .. Let's just say we never saw him again for the rest of the night. We had to ask patrons to borrow chairs and steal empty tables before they were cleaned. We won't be returning.
Let me start by saying I attend the keg quite regularly, 2-3 times a month. Although this location is the closest to me, I try my best to avoid it. The food is great, of course, steaks are always done exactly how I want, but some of the staff here have the WORST attitude. You'd think the wait staff would be happy to work here, apparently for some here that's not the case. Last time I came here, we were served by a gentleman (will not include name) who had the worst attitude I've ever experienced. He didn't give a single s*it about us or our experience, wasn't helpful with menu items (for those in party), I had to tell them what was good and what to avoid, and when he made mistakes on our order, several mistakes at that, although he did correct them, he was a huge d*ck about it. Not to mention the DISASTER parking lot in which this building is surrounded by. Arrive an hour early just to park, then go inside and wait another two for a table. There are much nicer, more friendly Keg locations around the city! Little bit more of a drive but definitely worth it when it means avoiding this huge headache.
Walked in today with 2 buddies around 6:20. First time trying this place for all 3 of us. The owner was present and he runs a tight ship. We each ordered the double burger with fries, one buddy got the poutine for $3 extra. The burgers - really good. Exceeded my expectations. They were fresh, juicy, melt in your mouth. You could tell they were hand made fresh. The burger was falling into pieces because of the real minced meat that was used to produce it. Buns were soft and chewy, as they should be, real burger joints don't toast their buns. The fries - pretty good, but I've had better. They were fresh cut and definitely blanched/double fried. The centre was soft and moist, outer shell of the fries were nice and crispy. Perfect combo. Poutine - relatively small. But when you pair with it with a double burger, it's quite the feast. The gravy was freshly made, paired with real cheese curds. They were however not melted. The joint - also relatively small. About 10 little tables with chairs, little high top bench by the window good for 2 people. A/C is non-existent, but I did see a sign saying they're in the process of fixing it. All in all, nailed it. Wasn't perfect, but again, exceeded my expectations. Would I return? Absolutely. Would also definitely recommend to friends and family.
Any place can boil some pasta in water, throw it in a sauce pan and call their food Italian. It's a shame really. This place however is a cut above MOST, but not all for me. This is B class, real authentic Italian food. What is B class? It simply means you cannot compare this to a 5 star Italian restaurant in Yorkville, as some other yelpers have done. Two totally different worlds. Visiting several times, I have been able to sample the pasta, pizza, bread and arancini (rice balls) here. Every single dish has left me happy and full and it is why I continue to keep coming back here. Why I didn't rate it a 5 star?- the prices on some dishes are a bit high- the place is small, resulting in long waits
Really good Thai food. We tried a bunch of stuff of their menu and we're pleased with every single dish. The service was super friendly and very prompt. The place was full on a Friday evening and we were still seated within minutes. I would definitely recommend this place to those who have yet to try it out. I would also return for sure!
Popped in on a Friday with the boys. First time here. Ordered a couple apps and a main. Tried the beer. The sausage and onion appetizer was really good. Came with some bread. Was delicious. Easily shareable amongst 2/3 people. A little expensive @ $17 but definitely good. Had the pretzel as well. Really good size. So fresh; ripped apart easily. Came with 3 types of dips. Really good as well.   For my main I got the trout. Was less than stellar. Wasn't a fan of the sauce in came bathed in; however the serving size was nice. Bigger than most places fish serving size. It also came with tomatoes; which I found weird. In regards to the beer. They had 5 or so types; brewed fresh in house. They actually have a brewery in the restaurant which was cool. We watched a gentleman make beer as we ate. Service was great too! Only downfall here was not being able to order anything besides their in house beer. I had never had their beer before; I sampled a couple (which they allow for free) before settling on the "Blonde". I'd compare it to Coors Lite. I would return.
This place is in desperate need of a renovation. Eating here feels like I'm eating in my friends Chinese family members basement. It is affixed to a small Asian mall, with a bakery at the mall entrance. Side entrance from outside brings you right into the restaurant. Service here sucks, I thought it was maybe because of me being the only non Asian person in the establishment, but fellow Yelp reviews have stated the same. I've been 3 times, always the same. Food is ok, sometimes good, for the price but never great or out of this world. I come back here solely for the PRICE not the quality of food. 2/5 for me.
3.5/5We decided to stop by here since we were in the nearby area and wanted an early dinner (mind you I never have dinner at 5pm, let alone 6pm). I've been here a few times before, but was too young to remember how good (or bad) it was. My grandma and I ordered a simple congee, dough fritter noodle roll, cuttlefish ball noodle soup, and an iced lemon tea.The congee was very good! I'm not a congee person at all, but after having a few sips from my grandma I ended up having two servings for myself. The dough fritter noodle roll was good as well, about to par with what you expect in established dim sum restaurants. The cuttlefish ball noodle soup was average, it used to be better in the past though...they cheaped out on the cuttlefish balls this time around. Finally, the iced lemon tea is meh...lemons were too thin and the tea was too bitter for my liking.Since service was only so-so, rating will be rounded down to 3 stars for this one.
+.5 for serviceChi Star House is located beside the famous Inatei, and you would probably spend a quarter of the amount you would otherwise spend in Inatei. It's a HK style cafe restaurant during the day, and more of a traditional Chinese restaurant at night.I came here for dinner with two others, and we only ordered three dishes as we weren't that hungry: BBQ duck with plum sauce, general tso's fish, and shredded chicken. Nothing was terrible, but nothing really stood out. The prices were also quite low (but not crazily low like Ocean/Hai Tang).Service was very good for a typical Chinese establishment; I didn't need to wave anyone down for any sort of requests the entire time I was there. However, I had nothing that I ate which attracted me to coming back, at least for dinner.
Oh boy.Today was the first time I visited here in about two years (I haven't been near here for a long time), and I must say service standards have sank quite a bit.First of all, someone misplaced our reservation of peking duck, so we ended up not having it as they ran out. Second, one of the waitresses recommended the scallops since they came in fresh, but upon ordering one for each (six), she came out about 10 minutes later and said there were only three remaining....gee thanks. Thirdly, our whole initial order got lost in the system due to a "computer error", so we had to have our order taken down twice.The food, however, is still excellent, and I will still come back regardless. However, they really do need to improve the service and organization there, because my experience tonight compared to my experience 2-3 years ago have been two completely different ones.
3.5/5I ordered a birthday cake from Ruelo, in particularly the Ruelo cake. I have ordered exclusively this cake for the past 3 years, as I like chocolate, crispyness, and vanilla as well.The taste has remained constant in the past year, however I noticed the cake I received yesterday was smaller than usual. In a way it actually benefited me as I had one less person eating the cake compared to last year, but considering we paid the same price as last year I was also disappointed the size shrunk.Service was meh. I originally wanted to pick up the cake on Tuesday, but I had a conflict that arose and had to delay pickup until Wednesday, but the lady on the phone seemed rather agitated I had to delay pickup. Like, I paid for it already, relax.Nevertheless, the taste is still there, and I definitely would continue to purchase cakes from here for special occasions.
Papa George was definitely a huge surprise for me. I originally visited on Tuesday, but they close every Tuesday...so I came back today to try this place out.The design of this restaurant looks like some sort of French cuisine, but it is a western HK style cafe. It's also very small, so I can imagine long lineups on weekends, especially considering there was a small lineup at 3pm on a Wednesday. We were serviced immediately and were given the menus, but that was pretty much it to the extent of good service.I ordered the spaghetti with clams and rose sauce, while my dad ordered the satay beef instant noodle soup. Despite the fact the presentation wasn't the best, the food itself was very good! The rose sauce was very creamy, there were plenty of spaghetti, and the clams didn't have any sand in them. The satay beef instant noodle soup had probably one of the best satay broths I've ever tasted. To make things even better, the beef felt like it was from a tender steak; thick but chewy! Definitely something I would personally try in the future as well.Both the iced lemon tea and iced milk tea were nothing memorable.Despite the shoddy service after the initial phase, I'm still confident in giving this place 4 stars, and will certainly come back. I wish it opened till 10pm though...oh well.
2.5/5Sorry. CopaCabana has you beat so far.I visited this restaurant tonight with my family, after hearing my dad's colleague raving about this place. Seeing how I've been to CopaCabana in the past month, I decided to give this place a shot.The appetizer/salad bar was promising. There was a lot more variety than at CopaCabana, and they even had soup! It definitely had more variety than CobaCabana, and it even tasted better too.However, once the meat/main course came, the promising of an awesome meal turned to disappointment. All of the beef, despite the fact if it's flank, mignon, sirloin, etc. tasted the same: Dry and flavourless. The lamb tasted decent, but not the best I had. The pork and the sausage also tasted bland. Finally, the cheese balls, bread, and fried banana (the foods offered initially on your table) tasted nothing special, the best probably going to the banana and the worst going to the cheese balls. The salvaging factor in this was that the pineapple here was better than CopaCabana, and they also had a larger variety for dessert (plus the chocolate cake tasted very good!).Service was a hit and miss depending on the waitress. One of them didn't know what an "iced tea" was, and actually tried to give us regular tea with ice cubes. At least the water was refilled consistently and the drinks were bottomless here.Considering the money we paid (about $150 for 3), I can't see myself coming back in the short term.PS: What free wifi? That needs to be edited, cause I asked for the wifi password, nobody was able to provide it to me.
Magic Noodle is now (somewhat) closer to my home, and there's actually space in this branch! Actually it's just as busy as the Scarborough branch, but I managed to grab the last table on a Sunday night at 8pm before a large line formed.One thing I like about this place is you can come here even if you're hungry or relatively full. If you're hungry, order the noodles. If you're full, order snacks or skewers! My party of 3 decided to order both noodles and snacks/skewers.We started with a hand-pulled noodle with beef. A note that people should know: The picture shown is only possible if you add the spicy sauce; the broth actually comes plain, so if you're not tolerant of spicy foods, there's no problem with ordering any of the noodles. Either way, the broth wasn't anything special, but I really like the springy-ness of the noodles! In the sizzling menu, we ordered the sizzling fresh squid, fresh squid tentacles, fresh squid head, tofu, and lamb kebab. The squid and squid head were excellent; the tentacles I would probably skip next time as they weren't anything special. The tofu is a must: the outside texture is very sweet and unique! Finally, the lamb kebab is their specialty, and there's a reason why: extremely juicy, not too tough but quite chewy, and the spices they add are overall delicious! Not too spicy as well!Service wasn't too great, as they missed some of our orders at the initial round. They also seem to be understaffed and overwhelmed by the huge demand for this place. Hopefully things will be better once everything is more settled.Nonetheless...I'm coming back for sure!
3.5/5Eh, it's gone a bit downhill since the last time I visited (about 2 years ago), but this is one of the only true Malaysian restaurants out there, so there's not really much in the way of other options.Yesterday was my 5th or so time I've been here since I moved to Markham in 2002. I remembered the first time I visited here I marveled on how wonderful the skewers were in here, but unfortunately the ones I got yesterday were too burnt (especially the beef). They were also quite tough compared to the skewers I had before in this restaurant. Maybe a change in servers, or a bad batch (since it was Easter after all)?The pad thai, however, was excellent for $8. Sure it's not Sukho Thai/Khao San Road standards, but it's definitely above the average Thai fast food or non-authentic pad thais I have pretty much everywhere. Finally, the pineapple fried rice also tasted very good; it also had that coconut feel that's quite standard in Thai establishments. Service was a hit and miss. The position of our table made it difficult to wave down any server, and most of them simply overlooked us until we actually had to yell them to get their attention. When we managed to wave someone down though, it was taken promptly. However, the food in general came out quite slowly, and we didn't finish lunch until around 90 minutes after first order.I'll definitely come back if I want that Malaysian cuisine feel, but I'm not too excited about this place anymore.
+.5 for serviceFull disclosure: The only reason why I came here was cause of the Scene card promotion, where if you visit participating restaurants you'll get 50x the Scene points if you end up spending at least a certain amount. Therefore you can kind of guess my expectations weren't too high on Montana's.That being said, I had an awesome server during my time in this place, and honestly if it weren't for her my stay would've been forgetful.I wasn't hungry that night, so I opted for the fire grilled top sirloin, in addition to a skillet of sizzling mushrooms. I asked for medium rare, and to my surprise...I got medium rare! I always tend to have steaks that are more cooked than what I requested, so honestly I expected a medium steak. Either way, the steak was just okay. In fact, when it came to my table the steak was not hot at all, barely lukewarm if that. The mushrooms, however, were very good so that kind of made up for the steak.Upon persuasion from the server, I ordered the "World's Greatest Chocolate Cake" for dessert. Instead of banana sauce, the server put chocolate dressing instead because apparently the banana sauce "doesn't taste like banana at all". Either way, the chocolate cake was amazing. Very tall in height, very chocolate-y, and yet not too sweet for your tooth.For what it's worth I likely won't return as this was just a one time thing, but I will say the employees here work very hard and I figure I should acknowledge that.
3.5/5Honestly this was close to a 4. However the $250 bill for 4 made me think second from giving this four stars, and the poor service we received certainly didn't help matters.We chose Inatei for my dad's birthday. He's been talking about this restaurant for the longest time, but understands the huge price factor here (I would've given it $$$ instead of $$). We already know it's probably gonna be a once-a-year place. Nevertheless we still wanted to try this place just to see how it stacks up against other restaurants.We had the tako sunonomo, bluefin toro, sashimi funamori, chawanmushi, beef tataki, grilled beef steak skewers, just to name a few. Before I start, if you order the sashimi funamori, you can give back the shrimp head to the waitress and the kitchen will fry it for you so you can finish the whole shrimp.The tako sunonomo was very good, and you can tell the tako was fresh, not frozen. The bluefin toro was the reason why the price ended up quite steep, and quite honestly it didn't wow me like crazy, but it still tasted good. The sashimi funamori had decent variety, and the fish themselves tasted very fresh. The chawanmushi and beef steak skewers were nothing special, and the beef tataki was okay.Our biggest disappointment of the night was the dessert. They ran out of pudding, so they resorted to giving ice cream for us...and the ice cream was the warmest, most tasteless ice cream I've ever had, almost to the standard of yogurt in terms of sweetness. Service was also not the best, as we were forced to sit in a table of 2 despite the fact we reserved for 4, and despite the fact there was an open table for 4 available. The servers also missed one of our orders, and at one time forgot to return our teapot. Otherwise everything was fine.
Oh Fresh Burger. I pass by you multiple times a week, but never had the opportunity to stop by...until today. I was doing a car test nearby and decided to have lunch here after exhausting the other options around the area.The menu was certainly not extensive at all. This wasn't that big of an issue for me, even though I tend to prefer extensive menus. Either way, we ordered the #1 combo and the prime burger. They use ground beef for their burgers, which I only realized after looking around the restaurant and seeing the poster on how the burgers are made. They also have a separate board on the more exotic toppings such as provolone cheese, sauteed mushrooms, and sauteed onions...something that I didn't see until after I ordered.The combo came with fries and a drink, which is mostly canned pop from the side of the restaurant. The fries were okay, a little bit on the soft side in terms of the skin but mushy as well. As for the burger itself, it felt..."healthy". There wasn't much of a taste, but I didn't feel thirsty at all after eating it, so in terms of the health level this burger was quite good. However I do wish I tried out the other toppings they have, and more importantly them putting the whole menu in one blackboard.Service was okay, although one of the chefs rushed his meal so he can have his lunch break, meaning we didn't get our food until around 15 mins later. I wouldn't be too keen on coming back here immediately, but it's not a bad place if you're not into chain restaurants or want a burger that's lower on the sodium scale.
Not much to say about this place. I mean, literally, I was in and out in 15 minutes!I was quickly seated, given the menu, and they came back to ask for my order in exactly 47 seconds. Yes, I counted. I ordered the signature noodle. The waitress didn't write down my order, she yelled to the kitchen my order! I guess it saves paper, so all the better.I went to grab some hot water by myself (self-serve), and when I came back my food was already coming out. Fast! For $6, the portions were definitely generous, and the wontons were so big and juicy! The beef was pretty standard, and the fish balls are unique in the fact it's not your typical ones from T&T, but definitely homemade, large...and not exactly round! I completed my food in about 12 minutes, and was out the door 2 minutes after. Efficiency at its finest!If you want some quick noodles, this is your place. If you want a place to sit down...this is not your place.
Okay, the first question I would have asked after eating here is: How the hell do they stay in business?Our table of five had one of the special combos, which included soup of the day, abalone, peking duck, and three other items...for $99!!!!! Normally in other restaurants six pieces of abalone and peking duck alone would easily eclipse $100. This place reminds me of Hai Tang Cafe, which by the way are both under the same owner...and I'm still perplexed on how both restaurants can charge prices this ridiculously cheap.Even though the prices are cheap, the quality is actually quite decent as well. The soup was a little bit on the MSG side, but the other items were very good, especially for the price we had to pay. The abalone actually came with abalone sauce, and large shittake mushrooms as well.Be warned though: No dessert here. However for $99, what do you honestly expect?
3-stars is about right for the Richmond Hill Kim Po branch.This branch was actually what got me hooked onto Kim Po. I used to frequent here, as I didn't wanna go all the way downtown for the Kim restaurant there. When the Scarborough branch opened I pretty much exclusively went there, as the food I find is much better there. Nevertheless I would still visit here occasionally if I'm running some errands by Times Square.Back then I used to pretty much exclusively order the seafood noodle soup. They do it very well, aside from the fact the noodle quantity was always low. Nowadays they increased the bowl size and noodle quantity. The last time I visited I ordered the beef brisket noodle soup, which has a very delicious tomato soup base. They use the regular pho for the non-pho bowls as well...which I guess is dependent on whether you like it or not (I don't; I prefer the regular noodles). Overall it tasted okay, nothing to get crazy or to complain about.Service varied in the several times I was there. It really depends on whoever is serving that day, as I've had ones who were very attentive and I had others who would forcefully put down the bowls, chopsticks, etc. and never say thank you of any sort.
+.5 for serviceWell, 4.5/5 certainly doesn't do this place justice. It's not a bad restaurant, but compared to other sushi restaurants I've been to in Richmond Hill/Markham this place is around the front-middle of the pack.We came here on a Saturday night at around 9pm when it was completely deserted. Did we came too late? Was the place maybe overhyped a bit (a lot)? We decided to stick it out at the end since I couldn't resist seeing the 4.5/5 stars Yelp currently gives for this place.My family ordered the Haru roll, sundae roll, yoga wrap, spicy chicken, and sashimi combo medium. The sushi bar in general was acceptable, however the tuna in the sashimi felt low quality, and I can barely taste the tuna in the sashimi. The haru roll was miles better than the sundae roll, which felt nothing too special (although the cream cheese was a good add). The yoga wraps were huge, and was definitely a good choice in terms of healthiness. The white sesame sauce tasted a little off though. Finally the spicy chicken was great according to my parents; I couldn't take spice well so I skipped on that meal.Miso soup and salad were decent, nothing too out of the ordinary.I somewhat expected dessert or oranges from this place as is standard with many Japanese restaurants in the area, but we never got any. Oh well.Service overall was great though, in fact I think the servers overdid it in terms of hospitality. It was a little too good, felt like he was part of our family.Will I come back? I wouldn't totally rush to return, but if I am nearby this place would definitely be in my considerations list.
2.5/5, +.5 for serviceGolden Horse opened a second branch in the Major Mac/Leslie plaza, in the previous location of Kenny's Noodle (which for the record is down to one branch only).The setup and layout is quite similar to Kenny's Noodle, although they did modernize it a bit. It wasn't too busy on a Sunday at around 8:30pm, and we were treated immediately as a result.First thing I noticed when I opened the menu: Holy crap the prices are very high! I've been to the Highway 7 branch, and I'm quite sure the Highway 7 branch has lower prices compared to here. I'll definitely visit there again just to make sure, but for HK style cafe standards this place is definitely on the high end in terms of prices.I ordered the clam and fresh tomato spaghetti. It was around $9 and unfortunately did not come with a drink, so I had to order a separate drink. The food and drink both came out quite fast, and I have to admit that their portions are quite big. However, I didn't find my dish memorable at all. There honestly wasn't a lot of sauce or clams, and most of the dish was a large plate of spaghetti. Whatever sauce and clams were there tasted decent, though.Service was excellent the entire way. However, with so many HK style cafes in Richmond Hill/Markham, I don't see myself returning unless I'm in the area and want a quick food fix.I honestly think I'm being generous with this review, but to be fair the food wasn't "bad". Just not worth the prices you pay.
3.5/5I'm not much of a dessert person, but after having dinner at Ocean (see review for that place), I decided to come here to have dessert since Ocean doesn't offer dessert for their course menu.The seniors on my table had the black sesame paste and enjoyed it. I had a mango pudding with evaporated milk. While it was good...there was too much milk in my pudding and I got milk over my clothing since it was dripping between bringing the mango from the plate to my mouth.Service was quite good, but mind you we came at around 7:30pm...nowhere near peak hour for this restaurant. I won't add the +.5 since I expected good service if we're the only table being served.Free wifi! Ask for password.
3.5/5, +.5 for serviceIn terms of sushi fish I will rate it around 3 stars, but I'm adding .5 for the price factor, and another .5 for excellent service.This a la carte sushi is probably one of the few places that successfully combined sub-$10 lunch specials and great quality sushi fish, rolls, soup, and salad, among others. For $7.99 I ordered the sushi lunch box, which consisted of a salad, miso soup, 8 pieces of sushi, 6 rolls, japchae, and lightly fried tofu. I've been to sushi places charging $12 for lunch specials and I've gotten worse quality sushi fish, and less items in general! The salad and soup were great, not too strong on the dressing or the salt/MSG content in the soup. The sushi pieces were huge; could've done with less rice but the fish was as I said great quality given the price. So were the rolls! The japchae I've had better, but at least it wasn't those warm ones I've had in other restaurants. Finally the tofu didn't taste like anything, but it is tofu after all...don't expect much of a taste to it.Service was excellent, and the waitresses informed us the food will take a while due to a massive party tray order that came in before us. We were fine with that; it was a Saturday late morning and we weren't in too much of a rush.Sad all the decent sushi places are in Richmond Hill now. Markham needs to step up; you lost Toro and Sakana-ya in the past 3 months!
3.5/5, +.5 for serviceI won't kid, this place is pricey. However I felt the food was worth it.My parents took me to Ming Cuisine for dinner when I was visiting them in Toronto, as they raved the excellent Chinese food and seafood here. The dinner menu was quite extensive, however we went off the board for most of our orders.One off the board item we ordered was the geoduck sashimi. Definitely a recommendation if they have them in stock (limited supply as I was told). We also had the crab meat and fish maw thick soup, general tao chicken, crispy bitter melon (off the board item), and a manta ray fillet (off the board item). I could probably do without the bitter melon, but everything else tasted very good. Reminded me of Dragon Boat in a few ways.The decor is quite upscale, which reflected the pricing here. Unfortunately the seating layout wasn't the best, as there's areas near the back where the seats and tables were quite cramped.Service was excellent, as is expected with an upscale place like this. I'll definitely return and try more items (perhaps even their lunch menu).
3.5/5This restaurant is a case of trying to be too much at once IMO.Yu Seafood is a mix of a dim sum restaurant, seafood place, and a fish market all at once. It's certainly on the upscale end, and it shows with the price you pay here.I went here for dim sum on a Sunday afternoon and there was about a 15-20 min wait. Their dim sum menu isn't extensive at all, with items such as curry squid noticeably absent. Some items I ordered include the typical har gow and siu mai, as well as beef balls, omasum, shrimp rice roll, and beef rice rolls.Nothing really stood out to be honest, both good or bad. It was a passable place with a lot of neat decor and food that's good but nothing to write home about. A little unfortunate given the price paid unfortunately.The washrooms here are quite unique. It's upstairs and there's a bunch of individual stalls instead of a common gender washroom. Quite similar to Japan if you think of it that way.Service is, as documented from previous reviews, poor and disorganized. The servers kept forgetting to bring us various items ranging from teapots to chopsticks. Also some servers speak Mandarin and others Cantonese, so you do have to keep an eye if you only speak one of the two languages.I'll probably not return here unless asked to, there are better dim sum places for the same price (or even lower). Maybe I'll come for dinner though...
3.5/5This is probably the only hot pot place in Richmond Hill that's been open for several years, and it's not surprising considering they are open late (until 3am), their food quality is quite good, and their prices are relatively reasonable.You will be given the option of seafood or beef meal. I went with beef, as the seafood really only consisted of mussel and salmon (and a few others which I forgot), which really aren't high in the seafood I enjoy. I also went with satay broth on the left and clear broth on the right (as you'd want veggies with the clear broth to make it taste better).All the food we ordered was at least average. The sliced beef, lamb, chicken, and select beef were all very delicious and thin enough so I can eat them mere seconds after putting it in the hot pot. The homemade balls ranged from average in terms of the cuttlefish balls to very good for the beef meat balls. I also liked the baby cuttlefish and small octopus (the small octopus is basically the large version of the baby cuttlefish). Finally, their mango baby milo dessert was quite tasty.Service started okay until we got our first order in. After that, however, it was almost impossible to wave someone down, and their policy is that you can't order anything unless you fill it with a form. I don't mind that, but how about saving some paper to better the environment?Nevertheless, I'm willing to overlook the service as long as the food remains as good as what it is right now, and especially with winter approaching hot pot is starting to become a fixture for me.
+.5 for serviceNew dessert place that opened in Richmond Hill, but don't tell my parents that; they've gotten to the point where they have dessert here 2+ times a week and tried almost everything in the menu (as they claimed)!Not much in terms of interior design. I believe this place used to be Hero Burger, which lasted a surprisingly long time given the huge increase in burger joints in the past decade. Anyway, the menu is quite extensive and focuses on traditional Asian-styled dessert, such as bean paste and waffles.I went with the milk tea egg waffles, as it sounded rather unique. The egg waffles took a while to come out as it's prepared fresh, but it was definitely worth the wait as it was piping hot and delicious. The milk tea taste was there, although it's quite subtle...which is what milk tea is normally supposed to be anyway.At 9:30pm on a Thursday this place wasn't too busy. It is quite small though, so I can see potential lineups if it gets popular.Service was excellent. Definitely a welcoming place and the employees are knowledgeable about the menu.Highly recommended for those who want some Asian sweet tooth!Free wifi! Ask for password.
I feel bad giving this place under 3-stars...I mean, they try hard at least, and it's literally the only Asian restaurant open after midnight in all of York Region!I normally only have two things in here: Braised Beef Noodle Soup, and their 5-piece siu mai (NOT the dim sum one) if I'm hungry. The noodle soup isn't bad, though a little on the oily side. I do like their siu mai though, but I'm rarely able to finish all five pieces in one go.Their iced tea is terrible though. Service isn't much better.It's weird though...this restaurant offers EVERYTHING. BBQ, bakery, Chinese-styled western food, sushi, dim sum...I'll give them effort for that, but as the saying goes, if you try and please everyone, you'd end up pleasing no one.
I'm dropping one star after today's experience.A few things of note if you're visiting here: Give yourself at least 45 minutes of lunch time if you're planning to order something not from the sushi menu. There is usually only a single person working the donburi and udon meals, so it won't be a walk in the park in terms of getting those foods as quick as possible.The udon here I do not recommend, at least from the bowl I had today, as the noodles were overcooked and too mushy. For $11 minimum I would say it's not worth the investment.I also ordered the Las Vegas Roll, and I must say it was the first time I was offered the rolls menu out of the 3 visits here so far. The rolls took a good 30 minutes to be made after ordering, and similarly I found the rice a little bit on the mushy side. The fish ingredients inside were all excellent, but the roll itself unfortunately fell apart a little too easily.If you stick with the sushi/sashimi, your experience here should still be good. However I will drop one star from this restaurant as the kitchen stuff leaves a bit to be desired.
+.5 for serviceBeen here a couple of times now. I think this restaurant has been here for a long time, but I'm rarely in this plaza so I never had the chance to explore the choices here. Recently I came here to run an errand and noticed a couple of interesting restaurants that stood out, such as this one.There's not much to the design of this restaurant; it's quite a no frills place. Both times I arrived for lunch and only had their dim sum menu, and I also purchased some veggie turnip cake for takeout since it was Chinese New Year.Their turnip cake is quite good, and thick as well. Portions are quite big. The mock meat that they use is decent (e.g: siu mai, beef dumplings), though if you're not used to mock meat it might taste a little weird at first. If you don't know where to start, definitely start with the turnip cake.My gripe with this place, however, is that they're quite heavy on MSG. Yes, vegetarian restaurants use MSG too! You get that thirst in your mouth quite fast after you finish your meal, so be sure you drink a lot of tea/water when you're eating.Service is good for Asian standards. Don't expect much, but you won't be yelled at for no reason at all.If Wu Tai or Graceful is off your budget scale, this place is a good substitute for what it's worth.
The manager of this restaurant used to do business with my parents quite frequently. When she told us that she opened a new restaurant in the East Beaver Creek area, we decided to check it out, not knowing what it is in the first place.I didn't look at the reviews before I came here. Had I known about the weird setup, I probably wouldn't have commented as much on...well, it's weird setup. I personally found it more to be a karaoke bar than a club, since there was Chinese music blaring on the background of a TV screen.We sat in the couch/sofa area. While I enjoyed its comfy feel, I highly suggest against sitting there if you're taller than 5'8", as you would have to bend quite far to eat.We ordered a combo for two, which came with cream corn soup, stir fried beef, lobster with cheese, and a side of veggies. We also added a beef shank in Szechuan style. Lamb skewers were also in our want-to-eat list, unfortunately they ran out that night. Eventually the manager gave us two free side dishes to compensate for the lack of lamb skewers.Honestly, nothing really stood out. The cream corn soup was quite tasty, but everything else ranged from mediocre to average. The lobster was the smallest lobster I've ever seen, but I guess it's because it was meant to share for two people. I honestly wanted to try the lamb skewers though, but next time I guess...The fish soup noodle options look quite appetizing for lunch. Perhaps I would come back for that.
Probably Galleria's biggest competitor. Usually when we talk about Korean Supermarkets, this and Galleria are the two that pop out of every GTA residents' mind.In terms of offerings, both places are quite similar. You get your typical selection of produce, meat, seafood, frozen food, and other goodies. Speaking purely in terms of the grocery store, I find both places quite similar in their offerings.However, H Mart loses big time in their food court. Their selections are vastly limited compared to Galleria, and their food quality overall is quite sub-par. They do serve Pho there if you insist in having that, as Galleria doesn't offer Pho.I don't mind coming here every so often, however I prefer the Galleria at Yonge/Steeles more, especially for their meats and, of course, the food court.
An excellent Korean BBQ place tucked into the far end of the East Beaver Creek plaza. You can sort of see it on Highway 7 near the 404.There's a huge assortment of foods for dinner, though I usually just order everything (with a few exceptions). They have an actual BBQ taste, which I like.Service is wishy washy, hence why the 4 stars instead of 5. Sometimes it takes a while for someone to change your table cooking plate. The environment is good, very open (not cramped unlike some other places I've been to).
Dropping the .5 for service after last night.Deer Garden has seen its business multiply in the past year. While that's a good thing, it has come in the expense of what was great service.In my past two visits in this branch, all the employees kept rushing each table into finishing their meal. In particular, I was given the bill in my visit last night, without any explanation into why they gave my bill so fast!I also noticed the employees aren't as happy as before...perhaps they're not getting their share of tips? I would think they would show some emotion if they're getting paid the amount they should be.
I accept the fact it's not an authentic Izakaya cuisine, but it's still easily one of the best sushi places I've had given the price. If I had more people tonight I would've definitely tried out some of the appetizers.Our table of 3 had the Mikazuki sashimi combo, Mikazuki sushi combo, spicy salmon roll, california roll, and a takoyaki. All the sushi/roll related items were simply excellent in terms of taste and presentation, and the usage of brown rice was rather unique. Plus, brown rice is healthier for you; a plus!If there was a disappointing part of our meal it would be the takoyaki. It wasn't bad, but the pieces were a bit small and it didn't have the taste that I enjoyed in, say, Kenzo. Not bad though for 7 pieces/$7.Service was excellent, run by pretty young Asian girls. I'll definitely come back to try some of the fried and appetizer items.
+.5 for serviceFav Cafe is a rather small HK style cafe in Jubilee Centre, which until recently I overlooked since nothing in this plaza attracted me very much. It was a random night when I ate at Pepper Wok when I noticed this place packed with customers, hence why I decided to give it a try recently.The interior of this place has a unique feel. There are lots of vintage posters across the restaurant filled with old school artist concerts such as Bob Marley, disco music, Oasis, Jack Johnson, etc. Too bad they play top 40 music inside the restaurant, cause I feel 70s-90s music would be awesome for a place like this.Anyway, the menu (at least for dinner) isn't too extensive, but covers the staple HK style specialties quite well. I've been here twice now, and I ordered two items from here: Salmon gravlax penne and crabmeat + bacon mac and cheese.Both meals I had came with starter soups, and the first time I had what seemed to be a mix of cream soup and borscht...and it was very good! The second time was plain old borscht...which I felt it to be watered down. Guess the starter soup really is dependent on what it is that day.The crabmeat + bacon mac and cheese...was not macaroni, but more like fussili. In fact, the penne was also fussili. I feel they should've just mentioned pasta in general since there's only one type that's not spaghetti. There wasn't too much cheese in the food, although bacon and crab meat were a little more abundant. Overall it was good, although the price was a little steep.The salmon gravlax is one of their specialties, and I'm speaking in terms of someone who doesn't like fish...this was very good. The salmon was raw, but had that nice smoked feel to it, similar to aburi sushi style. They definitely performed this dish very well, and this dish is actually worth the just over $10 in price you pay.Tea is terrible here, so don't expect much from that.Service was great, definitely above standard for an Asian minded place. Price is a little high here, so it won't be a place that I'll frequent, but will go occasionally.
Lots of TVs, a nice bar area, large dining room, stack stones, wood, dark furniture.  Hmmm...Moxies? Earls? Joey's? Chop?...nope...Milestones.  It's the same theme...and it works.  If it didn't we'd see a whole industry makeover.I am seeing myself slowly dropping off of these types of places.  I have started gravitating back to the local pubs as the fad is fading.  I know that I am in the minority, as the tightly cladded min-clothing place of the hotties are still packing it in, but aren't they all the same?By the time you have a few beers and a small meal, you are out $60-all in.  I was out over a Benji tonight as my bud flipped for the bill - I lost.  LOL.I'd tell you what I had for dinner but I can't.  The meals are so the same that there is nothing to remember it by.For those who like to drink as the sun beats down on you, the patio should be open soon.  It is southerly exposed and nicely arranged.  Do remember though that the patio is next to a bridge that overpasses the train to the east of the restaurant.  Lots of traffic, exhaust fumes, dust (from the constant construction in the area), and noise.  It is however a great place to hang after hours.Cheers!
Mr. Congee is really Mr. Everything.  They have seafood, BBQ, meats, veggie stuff, and congee - like all the other Congee places.  I guess Congee is another word for Economical food.  Mr. Congee is surely that.  Fam and I have now settle on this place as our go to Congee place.  I have abandoned Congee Wong on 16th and Bayview - quality of the food was more than subpar the last few times.Funny thing is that I have never had congee here.  Usual orders are spicy squid, turnip, black bean something, some kinda noodle, veggies, and rice.  We sometimes venture out of the norm to have lobster, pepper steak, and other recommendations.All in all, the meal is fine.  Not going to win any foodie awards but keeps the kids fed and my wallet not as light as a dinner out at Yang's.Cheers!
Haven't been back since they opened.  Meh then.  Meh now.  The only really good thing about them is that they are pretty economical for fresh noodles.Maybe things will change in another 1.5 years.  Cheers.
The place is pretty nondescript inside.  A small cafeteria like counter, with small tables covered in plastic.  To complete the cafeteria type experience, food served on small plastic picnic plates with standard plastic cutlery.  Once can say that we eat food, not cutlery and ambiance and I will agree as long as the food is beyond WOW!Well...it wasn't WOW...more like Pretty Good.The jerk chicken was seasoned well and the chicken itself was too fall off the bone for my taste.  Kind of a little overcooked but the spice delivered!  Kind of delivered all evening too - might not be the best for those who can not take the heat.The Chicken Roti was also pretty good.  Nice serving of chicken and potatoes with their curry.  Ask for a cup more of their curry if you are staying and and pour it all over or use as a dip.  It will help with the layers of the roti wrap that can make the meal a little dry.With limited parking on Yonge Street and the nearby free Green P parking used by the Performing Arts building, it's a bit tough to get to the restaurant before 7PM - no parking on Yonge until then.  Behind the building, there is a couple of spots if you are lucky.If you want island foods in Richmond Hill, it's slim pickings.  Aneal's is a nice addition to the place.A solid 3.5 stars for me.Cheers.
After the demise of Alice Fazooli's (I think the whole chain), out comes Scaddabush to fill the pseudo-Italian bar/eatery.It's an A-OK replacement for a Just OK place.The fresh moz is quite nice and the cut your own pizza is quite good.I wouldn't go here for Pizza only, I wouldn't go here for Pasta only, nor would I want to hang out here for a Bar experience.  However, if you are looking for an A-OK place to meet, enjoy a BEvERage (yeah I know you saw what I did there) and decent food...Scaddabush fits the bill.  Oh, the bill won't put you back too much either.  Mangia...Mangia.Cheers.
What can I say.  I rarely go here but for some reason, my fam wanted ribs and things.  So after going through the various options - we decided to try Montana's once again.  Let me state for the record, the fam has not been here for over 2 years!  I don't even remember why we haven't been back - probably because we don't eat this type of food often.We had steak, ribs, chicken - all veg-heads beware...!  Overall the food was OK.  The ribs were kind of thin on the meat, the steak was not done to the right temperature, and the rest of the food was OK.  Beer was good though!Parking is a challenge here as movie goers clog the lot, with Indigo shoppers and Kelsey patrons.  There is a small lot behind Montana's that you can find a spot - if you are lucky.For those looking for some value, make sure you check your mail.  Montana's is constantly sending out meal deals.Barely eeks out 3 stars for me.Cheers.
If you are looking for fine dining, superb service, and attention to dining detail, you did not come to the right place. You need to set your expectations to what they are offering and not what you expect - especially at a value conscious restaurant.This is our go to place for Chinese food. They serve delicious fare at a fair price. The portions are good, the food is fresh, and service is quick.We've been quite a few times and the wait staff already knows that we like to have dining plates and hot sauce - they bring it to us even before we order. They even know we are a weeknight dinner family.Normal dinner is some veggies, soups, noodle soups and a couple of meat dishes. Sometimes, we get the spicy squid or something sizzling. Whatever we choose, we leave satisfied and without a hole burnt through the old wallet.Oh...yeah...the congee is pretty good too.
After reading so much about this place, the little lady decided without any uncertainties that we are going Italian.That's Italian is located north of Major Mac on Yonge (actually north of Crosby for those who are familiar).  You will probably see the Dairy Queen sign before you see their sign.  Plenty of parking - actually when we went, prime time dinner hour, there were parking everywhere as we were the only ones at this restaurant.  Kind of made me nervous - what is wrong with the place?We still went in and sat down.  The place is family run and have homemade food.  According to our server (I guess he's familia), they do a lot of catering and take out.  I hope so as we were the only peeps during our whole dinner time.We had the Americano and Quattro Stagione Pizzas, Arancini, Chicken Parm with Penne.  The portions were quite large.  I would say their pizzas are equivalent to in size to a medium pizza nova.  The Parm was huge and delicious.  The Arancini - hmmm...OK.Overall, the meal was enjoyed by the fam.  We even had to take some food home.  The meal wasn't too expensive but not sure if we wanted to make the trip back up when I have Abruzzo's across the street.Hope business picks up for them as they do serve good homemade food.Cheers!
Nice little busy Sushi spot in Silicon Valley North (at least that was what it was called back in the day).Among a lot of Chinese restaurants, this Korean run Sushi spot seems to be very popular.  Been here twice in two days - both lunches - one for biz and one with family.The fish is fresh, the service was good, and a decent value for lunch.
There are better steakhouses around and there are better bars too, however, when it comes to consistent food and service with quality meals, the Keg rates high.The fam usually ends up at the Keg for special occasions and each time I've been there, the brood ends up going home happy.  What more can I ask for?The steaks are always done to the rareness and temperature that you ask for and if not, they will re-fire right away.  No excuses.I usually get the NY Strip for my meal along with their excellent mushrooms and tasty salads.They also have arguably the best french onion soups and caesar salad.  Dessert is also a  treat.
Panera Bread is a steady growing company in the US but has not done well in Canada.  I've seen quite a few come and go from various locations in the GTA.This location took over after another big company in the US made a huge attempt into the GTA - Krispy Kreme Donuts.For all intents and purposes, the formula is right for success.  They make good food and bakery products.  The big thing is that their prices are a little high for what they deliver.I usually order a breakfast sandwich and a coffee.  Hot off the sandwich press and so superior to a McD offering.I can set myself down and get some work done with their decent WiFi and have a good start to the day.Their reward program is great too.  This month, it's a free bagel with every trip in.  Their bagels are large, chewy and very tasty.They also have a good lunch catering offering too.  A sandwich, salad/soup and a cookie/chips.
In the quest to find a decent Hakka place near my place, I stumbled upon Asian Garden.  Over the last year, I've been here a lot of times and I have to say, they will do in a pinch but I've had better.  Better, but not local to me.I rate all Hakka on their Chilli Chicken and both their dry and gravy version is A-OK.  Nothing too outstanding.The gravy version seems to lack flavour and their dry is too burnt and a little hard to eat (not as hard to eat as Hakka #1 - it was so hard and dry it actually scratch the inside of my mouth!)The hot and sour soup is pretty decent too.  Overall a good meal deal as a combo for lunch - which they do a brisk amount of biz for takeout.The gent that runs the place is a little stand-off-ish.  He is abrupt and tough to understand, however, he grows on you as you become a regular.  The woman is nice but again, you need to become a regular for them to warm up to you.All these reviews and I'm starting to get hungry!!!
People come here for the curry crab.  The pricing on it fluctuates so much, I can't figure it out.  I remember once it was around $50 - years ago and now it's around $80.  It is good but I'm not sure what we are eating sometimes, are we having the curry - as there were really no real crab bits to eat and the legs are hard to crack.  If you are counting calories, this is not the food for you as it is really rich!  If you have it with their roti - add another bazillion calories.  Again...it is good though!  Not sure if it's worth the $80 for a single crab.Other things on the dinner order was the kang-kong vegetable (or is it tong-choi), and chicken curry.  The chicken curry was hit and miss - one time, it was to die for and then the last few times - meh.After coming here off and on for a few years now, I only come when I hang out with people that want to try the crab.  There are plenty of other places to go for viet/thai cuisine.Cheers!
Not been to Pho for a bit so off we were to Little Saigon and what do you know, it seems to be closed down!  Newspaper taped to the window and the open sign not lit kind of gave me a clue - no escaping this sharp mind!  Still needs to be verified but it didn't look good.Turned away and disappointed, it was Swiss Chalet time - ugh!As we started down Yonge Street, we spotted this place.  Had to try it.The place is relatively new - seems that they took over from a recently closed joint.  The least they could have done was put on a coat of paint.  Nonetheless, we're here for Pho and not the decorations.We ordered the Large Pho with brisket and rare beef, the pork chop and rice, the shrimp and pork rolls and the spring rolls.The large pho looked kind of small.  Mostly broth in a larger bowl.  The pork chop was season well and served kind of lukewarm - it came so quick, it looked like it was on a warmer. Even the Pho was not that hot.The spring rolls were ok and the cold roll was passable.For convenience, this place is close and we may try it again.
I saw all the hype on the social sites and ratings and the family has gone there about a handful of times. I personally don't see what it's all about.The meat is done fresh - nice. The bun (which is a standard package one) is toasted on the grill - not nice. The burgers come with cheese - processed, I believe. They charge for the good toppings - mushroom, fried onions, and others.The fresh meat is fatty and they do try to drain in before they put it on the bun - but still leaves quite a large deposit on the wax paper when you finish the meal.The fries are fine and their version of the poutine is ok.I have seen them busy off and on and they seem to be doing ok the last time I was there - which was a little while ago.If you like burgers (who really doesn't), the place is worth a try. Who knows, it might ring your bells more than it did mine.The owner has a good story behind his reason to enter the competitive burger landscape and I wish him all the best.
Every time I come here, I think about that cheesy car boosting film - Gone in 60 seconds.  Really don't know why but the experience is so quick!There is usually a seat when you walk into JCK.  It's not because they are not busy, it's because they have such a high turn over rate on tables.  Be prepared to "share tables" with people.  You meet all sorts that way...haven't met a fellow Yelp-Head this way yet!The menu is simple.  Real simple.  You get to choose your proteins (Shrimp Wonton, Beef, Fish Balls) and the noodles (rice, vermicelli, egg...) and that's it unless you want some steam veggies too.  The broth is a simple clear salty broth with I'm assuming a decent amount of MSG.It's 5 bucks for the noodle in soup, $6 if you get a combo of protiens, or $7 if you get all three.  I broke the bank (the big spender that I am!) and got the triple crown with the veggies ($2.50).  It's a buck more if you get noodle with soup.  Never quite got the whole attraction for that way of eating.So...you sit, you order, you get food, slurp it up, and your out...really!  By the time you go and get yourself a cup of self serve tea and sit, your order is on the way.  Serving time is a few minutes max - quite the quick serve business model.  OK food and a price you really can't beat with service at the speed of light.  Get and Gone in 60seconds-ish!Cheers!
Waiter...there is a fly in my beer!No Joke. It was in my beer, my food, my face...Though the staff and management did their friendliest best to keep us from walking out, it was a poor experience.Fruit flies were in season and they probably did what they could but they were everywhere. It would have been best for them not to sit anyone near the east wall. One decided to go swimming in a freshly served beer. Another ended dive bombing into a glass of water.Nonetheless, we trudged on. We haven't been back since ... forever. Not sure why - it wasn't the fly last time - for sure.OK to the food. We ordered the antipasti with crostini, a pizza, and something else (wasn't memorable I guess.)The antipasti was a few slices of cold cuts and stale bread. No figs, no cheese, just a few olives. For what the price was, we could have bought the whole package of prosciutto.The pizza was pretty good - a main stay for them.The manager realized that we are not doing well and did his best but when it comes down to it, it is the food and atmosphere and not the conversation that makes the restaurant. If I want to chat, I'd go to confession.BTW - I don't believe that the fly was doing a backstroke!This happened at the end of July but I thought it was worth posting.
Galleria gets most of the press in this area but I found out that H-Mart is the bigger brand.  I was in New York and there was an H-Mart there.  In fact they are all over the world.  Dudes...K-Food Rulez!The place isn't as busy as Galleria nor is the food court full of patrons.  There is one Sushi place, two places that are run by one shopkeeper, and a shave ice place.  Well, I really don't go to a grocery store for food court anyway.  They are essentially heating up the same stuff that you are buying!It's our go to place for some of the veggies, and some prepare foods.  There are discounts on their ready to go/serve items after 5pm - normally.  The discounts are around 20-50% off.  Nice deal for a quick meal or something to take for lunch next day.Something to note, their beer selection rocks compare to G-Mart!  That's for the win!
I really use to like this place, however, over the past while now...it's been off.Usually go there for lunch to grab their lunch special and run.  The dishes that I usually order are Green Curry Chicken, Basil Eggplant, or the Pad Thai.Lately I find that the Lemon Grass soup (small sample sized) is lukewarm and flavourless - too much watering down.  The curry was also cold and runny all over the plate.A while back the curry was presented in a small bowl along side their star-formed rice.  I guess in the wake of not wanting to do more dishes, they place the portion of food directly on the plate itself.  This explains why the curry gets cold before serving.  The plate is usually cold and the little bit of food cools quickly over the large surface.I would suggest they go back to serving the food on proper dinnerware.The staff here are great and courteous and I hope they will get the food back to where they should be.Trying to Thai-one-on...(GROAN....!  I know. :)
What just happened?  You really need to make me feel unwelcome and horrible to receive a  1 Star from me.  It just happened today.After wanting to try Nando's and not wanting to wait forever for a seat, we decided to go to Swiss Chalet.Sat with one of the servers we have seen for years...I do mean years.  She was there for almost a decade and we've been coming here for almost 17 years (including when the old location was on Weldrick and Yonge.)One not so advertised specials is a CAA deal. Two quarter chicken dinners for $15.99 - a saving of $3.49.  It's not much but why not take the discount if you're ordering it anyways - right?We have a new account from CAA.  For now, we have a temporary card + an account number in the event we need their service.  We ordered the deal and a couple of other meals.Before we even got our drinks, the manager came by demanding a card or the account number.  He did not even introduce himself and was aggressive.  We were told that the deal can not be processed without proper information.  Not a problem, however, he was loud, rude, and implied that we were trying to pull a fast one to save $3.49 by using a temporary and invalid card.  We were lectured and embarassed in front of other patrons and uneasy staff.  I, basically, said to forget it.  I was less than impressed.Nonetheless, we were forced to save face.  We called CAA to get the full account number, and requested that he try again.  This time, no problems - however, no apologies for his strong tactics.The family night was ruined.  In the world where family time continues to shrink, and as kids grow up, nights together become challenging, no one should have the right to ruin it.  There was no need for him to show up and push his attitude around.  Normally, these things are handled by the server and there was no need for his interference.I paid the bill, and totally tipped the server her fair share, why penalize her and the staff for his attitude.On the way out, I requested to speak to him.  In no uncertain terms, I made him understand that customers are key to a business.  Especially someone who has provided patronage for 17 years.  For a Saturday night, prime time dinner hour, this place was not even close to full.  What do you think happened?  We really should have waited the 20+ minutes at Nando's - a busy night speaks volume about how customers like a place.
Abruzzo's is a family run business that is a community favourite.  This was one of the first places I tried when I moved into Richmond Hill, almost 20 years ago.The left most part of place was the pickup/order/entry into the place.  It was always packed with people coming and going, along with their drivers.  It is now only for the drivers.  The middle part now - pick up now - was the restaurant.  The old restaurant was a bunch of tables setup with a really old bar and a couple of the family and friends delivering goods from the kitchen.  It was as casual as can be.Today, the new restaurant is more modern and has a nice little bar area.  It suits the Abruzzo family oriented clients.  A great success story of hardworking people.Now to the food.  Some like the food.  I love the food.  Their Abruzzo Special Pizza is the best.  Some swear by the over-sized panz/calzone - another favourite.What makes their food so good is the care they take in shredding the cheese everyday and preparing their own sauce.  I have been known to buy containers of sauces at their take-out place.For those of you outside of the delivery area, make a trek and have a dinner or do some take out.Mangia-Mangia!
Not my first time here.  I came here years ago when I first moved into the area and they were one of the only places in town.  Have been here very occasionally.One thing is certain, the menu hasn't changed - prices have but not the book itself.  It was tattered and torn and EW!Ordered the Roti/Curry - still one of the better versions that I've had.  The roti isn't overly buttered but the curry could be a little thicker.  The Flat Noodle - Penang fried kuay teow - was overall tasteless and we couldn't finish it.  The Chicken Sambal - this I liked - lots of flavour and some heat!  And the Garlic Choy Sum - Kang Kong was out yet again - I don't think they ever had it.Overall, a disappointing take it or leave it 2.5.  I guess I now remember why we came here so infrequently.Maybe next time we come back, their menu's would be less EW!  Check out my pix on it and see if I am exaggerating!Cheers!
A solid 2!!!  Yes a 2!!!  Why all the excitement for a 2?  After trying to go here a few times and failing to get a seat, we finally made it!  Yay!  Tick this off the must eat bucket list!!!  Meh-maybe...Wow.  One side of the restaurant looks like a kiddie playroom.  Limited seating on both sides of the place - now I see why they have such long line ups sometimes.  Also, the washroom doors were wide open and people were dining next to them - Yuck!  We sat on the other side...of course.First time being there, had the familia dinner.  Basically a whole chicken with two skewers of more chicken, two sides, two breads.  The bread is OK.  Garlic bread is the same bread with some garlic butter on it.  We had the corn - tasty but burnt, and the peri-peri fries.  The fries were hard and tasteless.The chicken was good but one of portions was raw!  We got another piece and this time it was burnt!  OMG-QQF!Oh well, suffice it to say.  Been there, done that.  Don't think it will be on my list of "Gotta Go Again!!!!"Cheers!
When Gonoe in Thornhill changed over to Gal's, it left a void in my "goto" Sushi place.  Gals just was too much with their nickeling and diming surcharges.  After A few of my Yelpie-Buddies recommended Sushi Aoi, I decided it's time to try them.The place is near Elgin Mills on Yonge - in the same strip mall as Value Village and St.Louis Wings.  Plenty of parking and easy to find.The place was an ACYE in the past and decided to re-tool and become a standard restaurant and it was a good idea.They have plenty of specials, especially their AOI TIME in the mid afternoon.  I think is was 3-5PM or something like that and you get 20% of sushi and 10% off sashimi - If I remember properly.  They also have a great combos on the menu.Their rolls are huge and they have generous cut sashimi.  Definitely a delight for the price.Sushi Aoi is now my go to place in Richmond Hill.Cheers!
I don't really understand all the hype some of reviews are raving about.  Decided it must be worth the wait because even at 10AM without any early bird specials, the place was packed! Easily a 30min wait at this time.Was thinking of driving away as I have not faired well with Dim Sum lately (re: Bonflavor).  Well we invested the time so we might as well see what it's all about.Don't get me wrong, the place is really nice.  Outside is an industrial strip mall with nothing extraordinary to make it look like it was a nice place.  Inside, I was expecting folding chairs and chaos.  Instead it was a wall of fresh seafood tanks, high ceilings, granite walls and decent tables and chairs - once again ladies and gents, don't judge the book by the cover.We ordered a smattering of food.  The HaGaow was OK, not fantastic.  The Pork Bun that is features was...meh.  The tripe was good.  The Steam Beef balls was pretty good too.  The spring rolls was a disaster and the almond shrimp ball was not all that impressive.  The two dishes that had Taro wasn't too bad.  There were other items but not memorable.The service was acceptable and the food came out in a steady stream.  The menu was a little complicated as items that were not available until 11AM was available yet not available...do you follow?  No?  Neither did I!!!The place reminded me of Casa Victoria, a place I won't return to, but I may give this place a try again somewhere down the line.2.5 stars Cheers!
The original bar that opened when I was just old enough to drink - yeah...I know...it's a long time ago!  - is still alive and kicking.There was basically nothing in the area as a fledgling Silicon North was being formed.  Money was a plenty as work was booming and silver mirror cladded buildings were being built as fast as Kevin Hart pumped out b-rated movies!Out of nowhere, a JackAS$tors was born in what will become the current restaurant pit.  Jack, for me, was the original breastaurant...not so much now as newer slicker ones have popped up over the last decade.  Gone today is the "come on in and get wasted" bar I once knew.  I use to go and make the biggest mess I could with the peanuts!  It was mass pandemonium as a Mr. Peanut massacre was played out over and over and over by patrons who could not even remember their names!  I guess that's why they got rid of it!!!???!!!Enough of the history and reminiscing - Ahhh the good old days!  A lot may have changed but they still kept the usual formula.  Lots of Beer and food that will add Years to your Life!  On a TreadMill - Ugh!!!This afternoon it was Fish and Chips and an Okanagan Springs 1516 Ale.  5 Stars for the ale, 2 Stars for the food.  I always have a love hate relationship with the food here.Place was packed and Christmas celebrations were in full swing during the lunch hour.  As I travel around different places, I classify this place the McBAR of choice.  You know there usually is one in the area and you know what you are getting.Cheers and happy holidays!
This place has been around for quite awhile but I rarely see them bz!  I thought the place would die out but it keeps chugging along.  Good for them!I went there a couple of years ago for lunch with a client but not been back since.  I didn't think it was any different from Bombay Bhel (I think there is a relationship).As the Bombay Bhel become BOMB-ed and BAIL'ed lately, I needed another place to get my curry-on.  Ended up trying the Chutney!  Wow, the food and flavours were great.  Don't know why I didn't come back to this place sooner.Been here twice over the last week with the wife.  Seems the place does really well on weekends and they have a good take out biz.Have to say, the Vindaloo is very good and the heat is nice.  The two veggie curries we've tried were passable but not on the favourite list.  Veggie sammies are tasty, beef sammies were good.Will be going back to go down the rest of the appy list and try some tandoor stuff.If you are in a hurry - this curry isn't the place you are looking for.  The service is slow - I don't mind as I'm hoping that each delicious pot is being made fresh just for us.  Yum!Cheers.
I've been coming here off and on since the place opened.  I had a love and hate relationship at the beginning.Years ago, depending on which night you went, the food was different and had no consistency.  One time, I loved they antipasti and then the next time it was completely different.  We asked about it and then they told me it was me...I must have been mistaken.  Well in that case...looks like a FUGAZI.Didn't go back in years until a friend wanted to meet there.  Well...Well...Well...Welcome back Peter.  The place is exactly the same as I remembered it but things have changed.First of all the staff in the Lounge are great!  Everyone of them are attentive and friendly.  Service has not been an issue the last several times I have been there.  I'm there usually for drinks - beer and wines.  They have an acceptable wine list for a Turtle Jack's place - not sure it they are affiliates anymore.The only thing lacking is the food.  I find it not up to par to make this a 5-star rating.  Don't get me wrong.  The food is more than acceptable, however, let's make sure the sauce and arancini is heated through.  The calamari was overly salty....etc.  Still need a little bit of work with the kitchen but overall, they go out of the way to see that the customer is right and deserves the best they can do.  What a great change.If you like crowds and live performances, go on Thursday night.  Place is packed and $6 Moretti and $10 pizza doesn't hurt either.Cheers!
There really isn't a lot of decent PHO places in Richmond Hill. When this spot opened up we had to try it. Koreans are big on PHO. Most of the decent ones down in North York Central are populated with Koreans enjoying themselves. It's a bit of a jaunt to go there so I'm glad to see one here.The place is small and run by a family (I guess) and they run a decent place. The portion sizes are good and the temperature of the soup is about just right. Their combination meat or the rare beef are good choices. Their cold rolls, spring rolls, and pork rolls are a hit with the family.We've been there quite a bit over the last year and have only one warning. If you have issues with MSG, PHO is not a good diet choice. Otherwise, Go PHO it!
Where's the BEEF?  HERE!This place opened a while back and I've been there to catch up for drinks with clients off and on. I've had Churrascaria before and find that you need to bring an appetite - especially if it is good.The wine choice is mainly Californian and they have a good selection of beers and whisky.The buffet of appetizers is a meal in itself. Combine that with your meal selection of meats on a sword (plus a pineapple - go figure), you better not be calorie counting.The meats are good...very good. Tender and cooked to perfection - not an easy feat when they are grilling by the yard length at a time.Overall, it's a nice night out for business. I did not see many families there - maybe during the Sunday brunch it might be more conducive to kids.Oh...yeah. Bring the wallet - it's pretty expensive.
I frequently eat at this restaurant.  I have for many years.Today I had the beef rongenjosh.The service was good and the sauces were spiced nicely.  The beef was very hard and dry though.  I often have curries and like my meat stewed and soft and to be moist.  Not like the other foods that I have had here and enjoyed.I will come again, but will not try this dish here again.The location is handy if you are doing a lot of shopping with a big parking lot.They do have beer and liquor, and the chefs are quite friendly.
Il Fornello has been a regular haunt for 16 years now.The Richmond hill location is our regular haunt.It is clean, beautifully decorated, nice music,and a pleasure to eat at.  Good for families, or for an intimate meal.  I take business associates here for meetings as well.This location is by far my favourite.  I've been to most, if not all locations.The staff is fantastic and goes out of their way to make sure I'm treated like family, and that I always have something that I am able to eat.They have for many years provided some of the most diverse choices for an Italian restaurant for anyone who must eat gluten free.  They provide normal food as well that is extraordinary, but for me I will review this as someone who has to maintain a strict gluten free diet.The pizzas are quite good, and the pasta selection is great.  They have gluten free crusts and pasta, but what sets them apart from most restaurants that serve gluten free is that they also have several appetizers, soup, and main courses that are not just pasta and/or pizza optionsI typically get the veal and have a nice butternut or minestrone soup.Today I am having a higher protein version of "pasta."  I have asked them to substitute vegetables for my pasta, and I am happy to pay extra to get a more low carb option.They have been great in making substitutions for us as needed.   All three of us in our family must eat gluten free.One of my absolute favourites!
I've eaten at this place frequently.The food is very good.  It's always fresh and the place is very clean.The place is adorned very nicely and it is pleasant to sit in there.The restaurant seats a lot of people which is great if you go with a lot of friends, but it can get quite loud at times.I had the mussaman curry and the coconut soup.  It was as always a very good meal, and fairly priced with lunch specials.Lots of desserts and different teas.  Lots of teas.  The dessert rice is killer with the coconut cream!They have increased the amount of desserts that they carry and now offer a mango sticky rice with ice cream as well.
The food at Touro was very good.I've been too several different Brazilian restaurants over the last few years.  It's a great way to Sample many different flavours.The place was large, very clean, and very well designed.  Every thing was attractive to the eye.The food was plentiful with lots of different cuts of meat.  The Parmesan beef and garlic beef were by far my favourite.The salad bar was nice with several options.  I especially liked the black beans and pork, and the beef stroganoff.  I would've like a few more options.Some of the meats were very nice, but I found a lot of the meat cooked much more than I prefer.  I prefer my meat to be medium rare.  Most of the meat we were served were very well cooked.  Some were definitely well done.  The sausage was bordering on dryness.The nice thing about this restaurant is that they had a lot of gluten free options.  All of the meats except for the chicken was gluten free.  The salad bar had a few options that were gluten free, and the tapioca buns they bring to the table are also gluten free.  I have to eat this way, but the food was good.The service was excellent, and the servers were great.This is an experience to do this type of meal.  The cost was $49.95 for each of us.  It is a lot of food, and you can eat as much as you want, but pace yourself, or you may explode.
I was looking for something new to try and came across this restaurant.The place was very ornate, and very clean.There is a strong smell of wood in the place, but I got used to it pretty quickly.I had miso soup as well as red tuna and salmon sashimi and a red tuna hand roll.  I have never been served a hand roll with so much red tuna in it anywhere.The red tuna was the best part.  The fish was very fresh and served at a proper temperature.   The soup was very good and a good sized portion.We did not see an all you could eat option, but the food was of a very high calibre.  This was a very good experience.Recommended highly.
It's been a few years since I've been to Restoran.Not because the food is not top notch. Not because the service isn't spectacular.  Not because there desserts are over the top.  This restaurant is all of these things.I stayed away because I overdid it with their hottest dish and needed several years to recuperate.  True story.  ;)I was told about restoran from a friend.  He ate there very frequently. So, I gave it try.I was very impressed.  The restaurant is a Malaysian restaurant.  Malaysian food is similar in some ways to thai food, and other foods of the region that are nearby, but it is an country on islands, so there is a lot of seafood as well.Mayalsian food is highly influenced by the Portuguese.  The food can be very spicy, so best to let them know your tolerance of heat.  Not all dishes are hot, but be careful of the angel fire dishes if you are not good with extreme heat.I had the mutton curry, and I had a bowl of seafood soup.  Both were excellent, and the meat flaked under my fork.  Cooked to perfection in a delicious sauce that was accompanied by coriander.  This was a very delicious meal, and the soup was also excellent.I also had a black rice pudding dish that was made of coconut milk and black rice.  Not too sweet and nice and creamy!I also had the red bean with coconut milk ice shake that was very good.  I'm a sucker for red bean anything, so this was a beautiful compliment to a most excellent meal.
Surf and turf teppanyaki is $130 (after tax and tip) for 3 people. Each person got:A small slice of salmonSome cuttlefish2 scallopsA bit of beefChickenVeggies and fried rice1 scoop of ice creamThe food was good, but not worth $130 imo :(Service was good and the chef was very friendly
Small and simple little restaurant. The bento boxes are good, but the uni wasn't fresh when I tried it. The prices are about average. The food wasn't spectacular, but not bad either. It's a good lunch option if you work/live in the area. 3.5 stars
Meh. All their sauces taste kinda similar, they only have a few base sauces and then toss in a few extras to call it something different. The price is not that great either. The service was really slow. This place is only good for watching sports (TVs everywhere!) and have beers and wings with friends. Don't come here expecting outstanding food.
They often have sales for seafood and it's pretty good. They also sell beer now! (until 6pm or something like that) They also have a wide variety of dried roots and other herbs, which seem to be on the pricier side imo (the section is between produce and baked goods)The food court inside is not great... I had a bibimbap and some rice cakes, and it didn't taste fresh. They opened a new dessert place that I haven't tried yet, but it looks pretty good
Service is non existent. We waited over 40 minutes for WATER (no joke, we asked at least 6 times to different servers). I'd rather they just make the place self-service. I tried going up to grab a water pitcher for the table myself but didn't see any.The satay broth was a frothy greasy pot of oil... That ain't right, I've had satay broth at other places before.AYCE doesn't include any seafood except squid and fishballs. The food was alright, but what's the point if there is 0 service.Never coming back.
My favorite was the Tsuki Don. The bibimbab is pretty decent too. That purple rice is so good!PS: All of their dishes come with the purple rice, don't order it as a side dish cuz then its just a bowl of rice hahaha.
The decor is nice, and service was quick. Debit or cash only. The food is hit or miss depending on the dish. Passable dishes: pork and chine dumplings, XO turnip and crispy chicken. Gross dishes: Pineapple pork, beef mushroom hot pot.The dishes above ended up costing us 65-70$ after tax and tip. Verdict: mediocre, would not go back
Compared to other Korean restaurants in the GTA, I have to say this place really falls short. I much prefer Kachi or even Nak Won :/They really skimp out on the meat for the beef bibimbap...Compared to the other locations of the owl, the food is about the same, and the service at this location is actually worse than the one downtown.If you do go there, ask for the reward/stamp card (gets you a free soup after 10 dishes or something like that)
they only take cash (not sure if debit, but definitely not credit). However the food was pretty good.The lamb hot stone pot was great, and it's more of a Chinese style shaguo rather than a bibimbab (as it's listed on the menu).The crispy chicken was reaaally really good,l. They serve it with a salt blend with msg (weijing). Some people are against it, and other people defend msg; I personally am indifferent. If you don't like msg don't dip the chicken in the salt blend.The xo sauce is pretty good too, I forget what dish we got that had the sauce though, but it says on the menu.
It's cash only. Service was quick and nice. The ramen itself was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. The egg yolks were slightly soft/raw which is perfect for me.We ordered the house tonkatsu and the katsu curry. The curry broth was good and I liked how they serve the katsu on the side, to keep it crispy.The house tonkatsu only comes with 2 small slices of pork. The extra meat is a bit pricey for what you get (I think it's $3 for 2 pieces? Definitely not worth it). But the broth was good and not overly salty (the "house" tonkatsu is less salty than the regular tonkatsu, but both are still pretty salty)Would I come back? Probably not, there's other better ramen places in the GTA in my opinion.
The chicken is alright, but not outstanding. Everything about this place is kinda forgettable. I mean, it's just nando's, only come here if it's convenient and you're craving chicken. The "hot" sauce is not even remotely hot, and the other sauces were alright. The value is not that great either. We got the family deal that comes with corn and bread, but in retrospect we could have gotten more food for the same money from the dim sum and chicken section at t&t in the same plaza. Nando's = meh.
This place SUCKS.1. The roof was leaking water everywhere and there were buckets placed around the place to collect ceiling leaks2. They ran out of glasses and our orders came in plastic cups and didn't look anything like the pictures on the menu, and the "large" size was just a regular small plastic cup. Then our friend who showed up later ordered a large too, but he got the actual glass which looked way bigger. Then the waiter assured us that the to-go cup had the same amount than the tall glass... Which either way is not a good thing, because that just means that the design of the glass makes you think you're getting a lot when you're actually getting a very small amount.3. The strawberry ice cream with chocolate crepe crisps is overpriced and lame. The amount was small, the taste was mediocre, and it was like $9!4. The almond cake was dry and disappointing5. The caramel milkshake tasted like coconut, and it was completely white. I honestly think they messed up the order and made a coconut shake by accident, and then just threw some caramel flavored syrup to mask the flavor. Either that or they ran out of caramel or vanilla ice cream and replaced it with coconut. They didn't even tell us, but what if we were allergic to coconut?6. This place is always crowded, and service WILL be slow. At least our server was very friendly, but she was super busy. Not her fault, I think they're understaffed.
I came here for dinner after hearing so much about this place. It's the only time I've ever been to Times Square in Richmond Hill. The noodle soups were tasty and inexpensive, so I will likely be back!I ordered the malay laksa soup base with thick rice noodles, fish balls, and seasoned pork mushroom balls. Yum! I love spicy laksa and it goes really well with the rice noodles. Both the fish balls and the pork mushroom balls were delightful. You're given a small glass of tea upon seating, but you can order an included drink with your noodle soup. I decided to get a hot milk tea. Boy was it bitter! I added 2 sugars to it and it was still too bitter.I'm looking forward to coming back to try some of the other noodle soup combinations.
They used the same successful Owl recipe to open up another location in Richmond Hill. This is the third Owl that I've been to and they're essentially all the same -- fairly small location, Korean music videos, 1-2 very busy waiters, and the same Owl menu.It's difficult to see this location from the road, or even if you've parked. It's in the same plaza as Restoran Malaysia. It's near the Richmond Hill GO train station as well.We ordered the dolsot (stone bowl) bi bim bap, the glass noodles, and the beef during a weekday dinner. We only got about half of the regular appetizers :(, probably because the food + appetizers wouldn't all fit on our table for 2. I'm not usually a fan of glass noodles, but the sauce that it was in was very tasty. The bi bim bap was good as well. Overall I thought the prices were high for the food that you get, so I suggest going to any Owl restaurant during lunchtime if you're looking for value.
I had dinner at Marlowe with a group of friends around the time that they opened, so we had our choice of seats. I suggest calling ahead on a Sunday since their hours aren't posted on their website. They were very accommodating, since my friends had a 1-year old. The wait staff was also very patient, since we spent some time catching up instead of deciding what to order. They were also very attentive at refilling our waters.We decided to start with the spinach and goat cheese dip (free appetizer with Yelp check-in deal). I also ordered the seafood and whiskey bake for myself. The dip was very tasty, just what I had expected it to taste like. Creamy from the cream cheese. Fresh nacho chips. The seafood and whiskey bake was just okay. I thought that the main dish was a little too salty. The dish itself is quite small. I thought that the use of scallops was not a great idea, since it continues to cook inside the dish.We paid with gift cards. Unfortunately they can't partially deduct amounts from gift cards. You either use the entire gift card balance or lose it. You also can't use some of the gift card balance to pay for tip.
I didn't realize how much I missed Malaysian food until I came here. There were always good Malaysian options where I grew up in NYC and a lack of options in Seattle where I spent 7 years. We started off with the green mango salad, which I didn't like as much. We also had roti and yellow curry with chicken. The roti was nice and toasted but soft. The curry was delicious. We also had the wat tan ho, which was really good but surprisingly spicier than the curry. There is plenty of seating indoors, but a reservation is recommended for weekend evenings.
Our group came here for dinner around 8pm on a Sunday and were able to get a table after a few minutes of waiting. This place is... not fancy, to say the least. Surprisingly, there were a lot of Chinese people here. Who knew vegetarian food was so popular?The menu is extensive. There are tons of faux meat options and many different options to choose from. We ordered the shark fin soup, chicken and taro in coconut hotpot, an eggplant and minced ground beef, a seafood congee, a fried noodle dish, and fried tofu with veggie egg white. Although the food was tasty, what it lacked was the texture of real meat, if that matters to you.The shark fin soup was good. The shark fin was replaced with strands of clear vermicelli noodle and the chicken was replaced with enoki mushrooms. I enjoyed the chicken and taro in coconut hotpot. The coconut was particularly thick and had a very fragrant coconut smell. I enjoyed the faux chicken, even if it didn't taste like chicken. The congee was tasty, but needed a little bit extra seasoning. I've never been a fan of faux seafood, since it has a bit of a gelatinous texture. The fried tofu was very tasty. It's one of the only ways that I will eat tofu. The eggplant and minced ground beef was tasty as well, with lots of spices and flavor in the sauce. The fried noodles were very tasty and matched the texture of the same noodle dish at other Chinese restaurants.Overall, I was impressed with the food here. The quality was excellent even if the texture of faux meat were always a miss.Cash only.
The restaurant smelled really good upon walking in. All of the pastries looked very fresh. Although I just had lunch and was here to pick up a cake that we ordered a few days ago, I was very tempted to buy some pastries to go. Fortunately I have strong willpower. So we walked out with our Napoleon cake.Later in the evening, we tried the cake and it was very good. It was 3 layers of puff pastry alternating with layers of strawberries and whipped cream. I have no idea how they cut the cake, since it crumbles so easily.
I came here for dinner on a Friday evening and it was quite busy. It seems very family-friendly, as there were kids at every table. There are approximately 8 tables, most will accommodate 4-6 people. Our group waited 5-10 minutes for a table.We ordered the gyoza and the takoyaki to share. Both tasted excellent. The gyoza skin was thin and was full of pork filling. The takoyaki had distinguishing pieces of octopus in the filling. It was decorated with fish flakes, which provided an interesting presentation.I ordered the black garlicky ramen with thin noodles, chicken, chicken broth, and seasoned with sea salt. I liked that the broth wasn't salty. However, I thought it could be more flavorful. The ramen noodles were cooked really well. It had a bit of chewiness to it. The soft-boiled egg had a nice runny center. The seaweed paper was a little too moist. Granted, it was sitting in the soup, but it should have been crisper.Overall, I thought the food was good. Touhenboku is a great addition to the Richmond Hill area.
We came here with a couple of friends for a weeknight dinner. Fortunately Saigon Star is open until 11pm. The food was great. Everything was very tasty. We started with the oysters, which were encrusted with garlic. Then we had the curry crab. Not only was the crab good, but the curry was yummy. You'll want to get a roll of bread to soak up the curry. We also ordered the clams, yellow curry with chicken (more curry!), and a vegetable dish.Probably the best curry in the GTA so far.
3.5 starsWe came here for lunch recently. Yes, the interior is a little odd as others mentioned. It's a mix of random furniture. There are some couches at the far end of the restaurant, which we turned down.We ordered one of the set lunches, which included lobster and crab, fish in soup, and bok choy. The lobster and crab were a little small, so it made it difficult to eat because there was a lot of shell. However, the fish in soup was really good. The broth was great on its own, but the fish was also amazing. It also includes transparent flat noodles and tomatoes. The bok choy was... well, bok choy. Nothing special there.We were also given a cup of sweet potato drink at the end, which I didn't care for. I would definitely come back for the fish soup, and to try other dishes.
Went here for lunch and wasn't disappointed. The shrimp wontons were huge and delicious. The noodles and broth taste great. The parents wondered whether the noodles were hand-made, since they taste less crunchy than the ones they've had in NYC. Service was fast (water is self-service), price was cheap for what you get.From what I hear, their other location in Hong Kong is extremely popular.
I have a love-hate relationship with this particular Mr Congee location. I love their food, but I hate their service. I generally only come here because it's conveniently close to home. But again, the service is terrible.We regularly order two dishes, the seafood super bowl congee and the fried chili turnip patties. They're both taste phenomenal, once it arrives at your table. The fried chili turnip may burn you twice, though, if you know what I mean. They also have an afternoon tea special from 3:00pm to 5:00pm where you can get a free ice cream float drink with an order of certain items (the congee and the turnip patties qualify). We usually get the red bean ice cream float. There are also some side dishes that you can order for $2 as part of afternoon tea. Overall a really good deal.Observing the servers here, there doesn't seem to be any system to the madness. Food comes out in random order, so you may have ordered before another table but they may receive their food before yours, even if you order similar items. You may believe you have ordered and it may have not been entered. Finally, you'll get hassled to pay by cash but if you persist long enough they'll let you pay by debit.
I came here in November with a group of four for a weekend lobster lunch special that was advertised in newspaper. The lobster was steamed with garlic and tasted really good, though personally I prefer the ones at Fisherman Lobster Clubhouse in Scarborough. We also ordered a seafood congee, snow pea tips, and steamed chicken. All of the dishes tasted great. The interesting thing about the chicken was that it the skin was very yellow, which I haven't seen before, but tasted very fresh. The restaurant was fairly packed, and service was slow.
I've been to Nak Won in downtown Toronto a few times, but haven't been to this location. It's different from the downtown location in that this one offers table Korean BBQ for $30/person. We came here on a Friday night on a friend's craving.Besides the plethora of banchan, we also ordered a pork bone soup for the table. The pork was soft and tender and the soup was spicy, as it should be. For Korean BBQ, we ordered everything except for the pork belly or spicy pork belly. The LA Kalbi was tasty, but was difficult to consume since we didn't have knives or forks. The slices were quite thick. The bulgogi was the favorite of the evening. Easy to cook and consume, soft, and marinated perfectly. The chicken was tasty as well, but took longer to cook. The squid was huge. It was tasty, but somewhat difficult to cook since it has a tendency to curl. The shrimp were easy to cook, but difficult to peel. The beef brisket was also excellent, but due to its thinness, has a tendency to overcook if you're not observing it.Overall, I thought the food quality was excellent. Everything was marinated perfectly. Service was really good. The only downside was that they cleaned the floors during dinner service, so you can smell the cleaning chemicals in the air.
This place was recently renovated, but it's still casual and small. Service was fast and courteous. The food was delicious. I really enjoyed their roti and curries that come in large bowls. We ordered:Belachan Shrimp and Green Beans (soft, well cooked, tasty)Spring Rolls (yum!)Roti Canai (a little more oily than I like, but it's Roti!)Curry Minced Chicken Roti (tasty, spicier than the other curry dish we ordered)Malaysian Curry Beef Brisket (very tasty)BBQ Chicken and Spring Roll Vermicelli (I'm not usually a vermicelli fan, but this was tasty mixed with the curry)We came here on a Wednesday night with a group of 4 and there was no wait. We'll definitely come back.
Yum! Dragon Boat has tasty dim sum. The wait at the door on Saturday at noon was long. We waited for at least half an hour for a table for 8. But the wait was worth it. This is not a push cart dim sum place, but one where you order from a menu (and I prefer it that way). Some of my favorite dishes include udon noodles in a red broth, curry puff pastry, and roast pork bun. Not a single dish I tried was bad. Dragon Boat serves some of the best dim sum in the GTA.
Update (12/20/2015): They accept credit/debit now.There was a lot of confusion today as they only had the Bake Code express checkout line open. Even with a shorter line, it still took 15 minutes from lining up to receiving a drink. Removing another star from my rating.Original (12/13/2015):I've been waiting for Chatime and Bake Code to open up at Hillcrest for some time now. Chatime and Bake Code are so intense, put them together it just makes sense. The store is somewhat small, but there is a large window at the front where you can see the bread being made. They also provided samples of their delicious fruit-infused bread. The bread selection is quite extensive given the limited amount of space in the store. If you are only ordering for bake code, there is an express checkout line available.We came to try the drinks as well. Again, given the small size of the store, the drink menu that's displayed on the screens isn't exhaustive. This means that you need to know what you want to order ahead of time. I only saw a small menu listed as well as their top 10 drinks. I ordered the grass jelly roasted milk tea (#2 on the list) and the honey dew milk tea. Both were really good. I really enjoyed the grass jelly. It was very soft, unlike the type you'd get in some of those grass jelly drinks.The lineup was pretty crazy. Hopefully that was just an artifact of being their grand opening weekend.
I came here for late lunch for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. The food was amazing. They have specials for 3 of their xiao long baos: pork ($0.99 for 4), pork and crab ($1.99 for 4), and pan fried pork ($1.99 for 4). They looked perfect, each with 18 folds. They also tasted great. I liked the pan fried pork xiao long baos the most. It had a nice crunchiness at the bottom that I enjoyed.We also had the beef brisket with noodles in soup. The beef was soft and tasty, the noodles were cooked perfectly, and the soup was excellent. We also tried the Shanghai-style stewed pork thigh. It looked impressive and tasted amazing. The meat fell off the bone without effort. It was slow-cooked to perfection. The pork thigh is also a special where you get a coupon for a free pork thigh on your next visit (expires in 3 weeks).Our group had to wait a while to get a table, but service was good.
3.5 stars.I decided to try Koi Sakana after finding it in my list of Yelp bookmarks. Koi Sakana is tucked away in the corner of an outdoor plaza, so it's difficult o find, but there's plenty of outdoor parking. When I walked in around 1:30pm, the restaurant was packed and there were 2 groups ahead of me with only one server. Kudos to the server for keeping up! I didn't have to wait too long, maybe 5-10 minutes max.The menu was fairly extensive and there were pictures for each item. I thought it was amusing that some of the items had the exact same photo, the only difference was in the description one of the had a saltier broth than the other. I wasn't in the mood for spicy ramen today, so I decided to order the House Tonkatsu Ramen and a gyoza as an appetizer. The menu has the wifi password (their phone number) on the front, so I just browsed Yelp while waiting for the dishes to arrive -- it helped pass the time.The gyoza were amazingly good. The skin tasted light, soft, and felt like it was distinctly separate from the pork inside. I had to examine them to see if they were completely sealed and they were! The pork inside was well-seasoned. Eating the gyoza was very satisfying. The ramen was just okay. The noodles were the right level of done-ness. However, the egg was slightly overcooked at the edges of the yolk. The broth and the pork could have used a little more seasoning. The broth was nice and light.They have a debit card machine now, so you don't need to bring cash.Koi Sakana is a very promising ramen restaurant. However, there will soon be more competition for ramen nearby as I just saw a Kinton location opening up at Commerce Gate.
We came here to satiate a congee craving and we weren't disappointed. The interior was nice and clean, modern-looking. We ordered a couple of dishes with the expectation that we would bring the rest home for leftovers. We ordered the seafood congee, the snow pea tips, and stir fried rice noodles with beef. The congee itself was very tasty and one of the better congees I've had. I was a little disappointed with the snow pea tips as I've had much better, and the rice noodles were just okay. All in all, the congee is worth it, but there are better places for Chinese food in the GTA.
I was debating with my love, should be 3 or 4 stars.  We decided a 4 because:- handmade fresh noodles right in front of you, kids had fun watching it & laughed every time when the guy pulled the noodle & hit the board making a loud bam bam bam... - chewy texture of the noodle, some like it & some don't.  For us, it was perfect, we usually ate after the kids so after the noodle soaked into the broth a while; not too hard & chewy lol... So for those who don't, ask to cook the noodles a bit longer otherwise wait few minutes like us.  - I personally didn't like their soup base, a weird/ unique after taste.  I ended up finished the dry noodles with black bean sauce.  I wish they would give a bit more sauce.  We didn't like the sweet potato cakes, too doughy but they were in heart-shaped, had to try them :) we will not order it again.  - pancakes: green onion & in beef/pork, the pancake itself was in flaky side.  We went right at 11 when they just opened & long line up at around 11:30.  Service was good; the girls were nice.  We will go again & will try more of their snacks.
Thai and Vietnam appetizer platters were good for sharing, everyone got to try a small piece of everything. Roti: BAD, dry and oily, they re-heat the roti, for sure they were not freshly made! They were HARD to chew even after dipping into the curry sauce; they were still tough.  pineapple fried rice was average better than their pad thai.They steamed the crab first then put the curry sauce on top of it... it wasn't the type of curry crab we used to have.  no, i will not recommend this restaurant to my friends and family.
Last time I went there with my in laws; service was extremely slow... We were there for 2 hours to have LUNCH :(.  This is the reason why I stopped going there... Until yesterday (2 years later... Haha... Yes, I remembered; I don't know why) The waiters and/or waitresses had no facial expression, a blank face but I don't mind at all... As others mentioned, they are like pricey Cha Chan Tang so i don't expect much.  Again, food and service took longer than regular HK Cha chan tang but we were able to finish our lunch in a hour.  Caesar salad was fresh, the dressing was on light, vinegar not creamy side which I like.  I personally don't like the creamy, white Caesar dressing.   Right amount of dressing tossed with their own baked croutons no bacon bites.  The chicken steak seasoned well, tasty, juicy & tender.  Hot lemon tea or lemon water came with 3 slices of lemon (regular cut/thickness) which was pretty generous compared to others (super thin ones) that I could taste the lemon flavour.I like the texture of their shaghetti, just al Dante; perfect with any sauces. Well, it seemed like most of their lunch deals are at around $9.99.  I don't mind because the food quality is much better than a lot of Cha chan tang and we don't feel rush to finish our meal.  Yes, I am pretty sure we will go back again.
horrible horrible customer service.  I know it's Canada Day; and they're busy and packed but being RUDE is unacceptable especially the HOSTESS. First, she had no telephone manner when we called and made reservation, Then when we arrived, she was SUPER MEAN; rush us to order and tell us to leave as soon as we are done!  I wanted to give her dim sum 101 lecture; coming to enjoy dim sum with family; not only for food, it's also time to catch up with others; people take their time & chit chat!! What's her matter!!!Dim sum place is everywhere!  We are done with Yang's.
The chicken shawarma is fresh, tasty and juicy! Love their fries and onion wings too!Staff are friendly and recognized you after few visits.  They would ask about my babies and a little chit chat while I waited for my food.
We were there on Friday for lunch.  We ordered chicken sandwich, roast beef sandwich  and Lux crepe; they were all good; the side salad came with the sandwich was fresh with right amount of dressing.  4 stars for lunch.  We should order their tea instead of Americano :S It was our fault.  3 stars for coffeeThere wasn't much choice for dessert in the afternoon.  3 stars.
We went during soft opening. Service was good but they did not know their menu very well.  My son has peanut allergy so we have to be very careful.  The menu itself didn't give much description about each dish.  They couldn't confirm if some of the dishes had contact with peanuts... I personally don't like their noodle, soft no texture at all.  Soup base was okay.  Everything is in small portion. Their significant dish, soup inside a bun was not great neither... soup was tasteless.  My husband described it was like drinking water from a straw I don't think we will go back ... nothing special that we want to go back.
I gave them four stars because you can't find anything near them in Richmond Hill.  We went during weekday for lunch; so the place wasn't busy.  Their roti is small but pretty good, very fresh and soft; we ordered roti with chicken curry and beef curry; both of them are good.  Pad Thai is good; I like it because they are not too sweet; some places made their pad thai so sweet :S  Singapore chicken rice is average; the boneless chicken is soft and tender but nothing special about it and the sauce is spicy.  appetizer: the size of the skewers are small, so little meat but their satay sauce was so good. We also tried their desserts (I forgot their names whatever with rice and/or sticky rice), they are so SWEET!!! My mom wanted to pour some hot water to dilute them!We will go back for their roti :)It is a baby-friendly restaurant; they have CHANGE table in their washroom!!! HOORAY!!!
3.5 stars We tried the chicken with pepper sauce in brick bread, the pepper sauce was good, very peppery; chicken was was a bit salty & dry.  The brick bread was deep fried so it tasted like Chinese oil stick 油炸鬼 which made the dish super filling.  It was a great idea with good presentation.  We also tried chicken congee with egg white... I guess they used the same seasoning to marinated their chicken because it tasted the same as above chicken dish.  I didn't expect a salty chicken in congee to be honest with u.  When I ordered congee, I wanted it light with a hint of salt only... This is just my personal preference.  We also ordered rice in hot pot; it took over 20 mins to prepare the dish as warned by the waiter so we had no complain about the wait time.  Hm... I don't think they cooked the rice/dish directly in the clay pot because there was no charred burned rice at the bottom?!?  Steamed may be... I don't know...may be some people would like it because it was light, healthier & less oily.  But if u expected to eat charred burned rice at the bottom of the clay pot; u would be disappointed.  We also tried street eat steamed rice noodle rolls 街邊腸粉.  It was good if they gave a bit more sesame sauce.  You have to eat this fast, once it was cold, the rice noodle rolls would be harder.  It was great to eat it when it was still steamy hot.  Just a little note, the soy sauce was at the bottom so stir them  before u eat.   The restaurant was clean and bright.  Most of their wait staff have a big LED name tags lol first time to see it :). Customer service was good tooFor sure, I will go back to try some more of their dishes.
Afternoon tea: 3 starsI got their afternoon tea groupon and finally got a chance to try it.  I personally would not pay full price for the experience.  Here I didn't like about: too much scones, a half plain scone with smoked salmon then two more raisin scones with so little cream and preserves (they put cream and preserves in the same tiny bowl).  I personally preferred them in separate bowls.  The macaroon was good and fresh.  The tiny cake came with it was some kind of chocolate mousse or tiramisu, may be it was too small to taste the different :S   Cakes: 4 stars but very pricey!Mango chestnut, I know it sounded weird, but it was very delicious and not very sweet cake.  Top layer was mango mousse; tasted very good & didn't feel like jello or gelatine at all; very smooth. Inside was chestnut mousse with some mango pieces, yummy!  We were able to taste both favours without one over-powered the other favour.Sesame, green tea & red bean, you need to call ahead to reserve it. My nephews (6-12 yrs old) found that the green tea powder was too bitter; but mom and grandma like it...so I guess it depended on the age group :)Call to reserve your cake even the single portion ones otherwise you wouldn't have much choice.Pricey cake, from $28 for a 5" to $30 for a 5" now
4 stars for cleanness; I like it when restaurant is clean, not sticky and they don't have the "fish sauce" smell like other Pho places :) 3 stars for food.We ordered grilled chicken vermicelli, it was very fresh from the cucumber to bean sprouts, I could see and taste that they were fresh.  Chicken was good, seasoned well but a bit dry.  Cold drink served in a take out plastic cup so I didn't feel like to rush to finish it :)  For sure I will go back.
2.5 stars!We ordered egg white fried rice with fish roe and seafood chow mein, I personally liked them both but not my in law; she said that they were bland and no "wok hei" but I found that they were not greasy and pretty good.  Shredded chicken congee in super bowl: I personally don't like congee but my in law had 3 bowls along with deep fried dough fritter so it must be good.  Service was good for a chinese fast food restaurant.  It was packed after 1pm on Sunday.   One thing I didn't like about them and gave them 2.5 stars was the cleanliness of their bowls, chopsticks, cups and spoons.  We had 5 people in our party, and there were 2 dirty bowls (I don't care, even if the leftover food sticked outside the bowls, they were still DIRTY), 2 greasy cups (oil floating after we poured tea in), 1 dirty spoon and few sticky chopsticks YUCK!!!  The waiter had no problem to change them but I just didn't feel comfortable to use them without cleaning with my kids' wipes (thanks goodness I have toy/pacifier wipes with me, not the one for bum bum ;)    No wonder I found that some people brought their own bowls, cups and chopsticks to chinese restaurants these days, I wasn't kidding you!  I saw it few times in different location, may be they were the same family; i will pay more attention next time when I see them again.  But I think bringing your own wipes are more convenient, again not the one for your bum bum :)
We went on Monday for Mid-Autumn festival dinner, it was packed, some of us needed to park our cars across the street (What a bagel's plaza), service was slow.  They are under-staffed.   We ordered the set dinner for 10, the BBQ meats were DRY; the chicken was dry; the BBQ pork was dry and tough, jellyfish tasted weird.  Nothing special about their food.  Service was horrible, empty plates were left on the table even when the waiters brought  other dishes out, they just didn't bother to clean them.  We piled them up then my sister couldn't stand it and brought them to their station at the back of the restaurant near the entrance of patio.  The reason why they are busy because there is nothing similar in that area.
Awesome burger joint beside Tim Hortons at 16 and Leslie!!!!$13.50 including tax for a 8oz Double Cheese Burger with fries and a can of pop.They obviously made the burger fresh right in front of you and they use real cheddar cheese. You also have the option of Swiss or Provolone cheese.The burger was perfectly juicy and perfectly flavourful and not too greasy. The size of the bun was just right.Would defiantly recommend and come back again.
Would recommend this place for Teppanyaki!!! Place hasn't changed much over the years. The chefs are good, they didn't do much tricks tho.. Favourite item is the Beef Unagi Goose Liver roll on the Teppanyaki table.. It just melts in your mouth, OMG!!Nice atmosphere and good service.
Would recommend this place for casual dining.  This place was recommended to me by a wealthy friend who is from Shanghai and he said the food there is very authentic, lives in the area and goes all the time.Came here for dinner, we didn't have RSVP so we had to wait upwards of 30 minutes for a table of 3.We didn't go with their set combo but saw that most of the tables did.Instead we order soup noodles and dumplings.  The dumplings were good, the wrapper for the dumplings was thin and the inside was tasty.  They have 4 different types of soup filled steamed dumplings on the menu.  The first order is $2 to $3 for a set of 5 dumplings depending which one you choose from.  The re-order is regular price at $5 to $6 which is average price.  So tried all 4 different sets and it only costed $12! Amazing deal!!The soup noodles was good too, the soup base had flavour and didn't have a lot of MSG and was $6.99 a bowl.Dinner for 3 was less then $50 for dine-in including tip!!4 stars because the food was good and the price was cheap.
Was excited to try this place out.. Been waiting for them to finish renovations..Finally got the chance to try,  The place is renovated for fine dining, however the food wasn't worth the fine dining price.We had a table of 8, tried the Geo duck, lobster, and king crab combo, it really was nothing special for fine dining... I've been to other places were we ate the same type of food for a cheaper price and bigger portions...I would say that the fried oyster (separately ordered) was really really good and the fried rice at the end was really really good, those two dishes were the highlight of the evening.. Crab legs and lobsters were just regular Chinese foodWe didn't have anything to drink, the bill was $120pp, for that price, you can actually have fine dining downtown... Not just regular Chinese food in a fine dining environment..All in all, I would not go back, but didn't regret the experience.Lol, my brother ended up going to McDonald's right after dinner.My biggest pet peeve, I heard so many things about their fish tank during pre-renos, even in Ottawa I heard about them having problems installing their fish tank, I expected to see a glamourous fish tank, but was so disappointed.. I should just go to Ripleys aquarium next time lol
Recommended by a friend for casual dinner before drinks on a week night right before their closing, places was pretty full but didn't have to wait for a table.Looked around and looked at the menu.. Was expecting a 4 star experience.. The smells like stinky tofu!!! Yummy!!The four of us ordered a feast to share among our table even though it's more of a order you own meal type place..The Taiwanese minced pork rice was pretty good.. $6.99 for a medium bowl of rice loaded with tons of minced pork and 1 egg.. 4 stars, would totally go back for the same dish.. You can combo it for $11.99 which I might do next time.. Comes with 3 small veggie sides, a soup, and watermelon drink already in a to-go style drink container.. But I think the drink was too sweet..The braised pork belly was not tender enough at all but looked amazing.. The meat quality and cut was awesome tho.. 2.5 starsThe braised pork feet also looked amazing but also wasn't tender enough.. 2.5 starsSmelly tofu was ok... Some of it was good and some of it was not enough... The good ones had a fair amount of permutation going-on and tasted smelly.. The half of try portion was lacking flavour.. 2.5 starsCan't remember which bowl of noodles was shared... But that was pretty good.. It had mushrooms, octopus.. The soup base was very flavourful.. But it was my first experience having that dish.. 3.5 stars..The seaweed-cuttlefish ball soup was tasty!! Had lots of ginger in it.. The cuttlefish balls were 4 stars!!Ending my review with 3 stars cuz the entire table agrees all the braised meat items weren't tender enough but would go back to try it again! I have faith!
I've been here for dinner before, never really had the urge to come back.Some of my family members always insist in coming here for dim sum.This will be my third attempt to have this dim sum here... First 2 times were unsuccessful because the wait times were so ridiculous. This we time we had family from out of town and mom wanted to come here to try their dim sum with the family... So I took the initiative to get a table for the family.. Place was completely packed at 9:30am, waited till about 10:45 for a table..At the end of this experience, I can't really say that there was any dish worth 4 stars.. The food really was just regular 3 stars.. And it's not like it's super cheap. But the wait time is horrible.Since this will be my last time coming to this resturant, 2 stars..
Legit 3.5 star Chinese restaurant. Dim sum place in the morning and restaurant by night type of Chinese place. Been here many many times, kitchen is legit, service is good, decide and ambience is suited for typical family dinner with the relatives or friends.Price is a bit more then average, but the price tag suits a business that has been long standing with many loyal customers.This place does many banquets, weddings, birthdays, and Chinese "full moon" celebrations.Would recommend!
I have heard of this restaurant many times and expect a 4 star experience.. unfortunately I couldn't agree 100% today.Place is cozy and the menu is authentic, sushi chefs are highly skilled. Service was prompt but wasn't attentive enough for me.Came here on a Thursday night dinner for 2. Mainly focused on sashimi and dishes which aren't available from most regular Japanese restaurants.Blue Fin Toro Sashimi Platter - 5 stars $33 for 6 pcs (2 akamo, 2 chu-toro, and 2 o-toro)The O'Taro was melt in your mouth goodness!Deluxe Sashimi Platter - 2.5 starsTako (octopus) was dry (a little bit stale but still sashimi grade edible), so it was lacking flavourMaguro (tuna) was cut too thick for the part of the fish they used, so it ended up being chewyMonk Fish Liver was flavourless - like super flavourless to the point where it didn't taste like monk fish liver?!Hototagai (Scallop) was great, a tad smaller then I expected, those definitely weren't large size scallops, but they tasted greatBotan Ebi (shrimp) were smaller then expected as well, but definitely fresh! Fresh to the point I could taste the fish tank lolIka (cuttlefish), Sake (salmon), Saba (mackerel), Hamachi, artic Surf clam, were all greatShrimp Tempura Appetizer - 4.5 starsThe shrimp generally speaking were HUGE, batter and crispiness were well done, zucchini, eggplant, and taro were great!Futomaki - 2.5 starsThis was the only sushi we had, construction was ok, as you can see from my picture, it was falling apart a bit and lacking a bit of flavour and size to give it more then 3 starsBlack Cod Grill - 4.5 starsBlack cod grill is super tasty and almost always comes out perfect anywhere you go so long as they have it in stock. This place was no exception!Fresh Crab Meat Chawanmushi - 1.5 starsSteamed egg with crab meat..This was a complete disappointment... where to start? I would say this dish is rarely offered and for the price tag of $4.50, it was pretty cheap considering the ingredient list.. these would be on the only positives in this 2 star rating.  The steam egg was 2 minutes over-cooked, killed the texture of the steam egg. The "gong yew chi" completely overpowered the steam egg flavour, the dish mainly tastes like a Chinese soup, but in steamed egg format - so 2 stars for taste. There were big chunks of fresh crab meat at the bottom which almost made up for all the wrongs, cuz it was only $4.50..All-in-all some experiences were good and some not so good.. I would still recommend this Japanese restaurant, because of its menu selection. But this is how it goes in the real Sashimi world, you order tasters, then re-order the best tasting ones of that particular day!Bill was $170 plus tip for 2.
I would recommend his place for wonton noodles only. $5 for a bowl of wonton noodles is an awesome deal!! The wontons are pretty good - I wouldn't say it's my favourite, but definitely worth more then $5!'The noodles are Al Dante and an extra portion is $2.  The Lo Mein style for $7 an order is not as good a deal compRed to the regular Soup noodles.The fish balls and beef strips don't taste nearly good as their wontons in comparison... Legit fast, good quality, and affordable wonton noodle house! Highly recommend!
This place has awesome reviews.. and was recommended to me by one of my Italian clients.. too bad it failed to impress me or my guests..All in all, I would only come back for a pepperoni take-out.. maybe once..Walked in just before 8pm on a Sunday night.. asked for a table for 3.. told us to wait 10 minutes for a table when they had 5 open tables?!! They finally figured out 10 minutes in that they could put 2 small tables together to seat us.. those tables were vacant beside each other to begin with.. other then this the service was excellent and I tipped them 20%+I'm not Italian and no expert at Italian food...  so I won't use the proper dish names..The Deli Platter for 2 was great!! The salami, the cepresse (mozzarella and tomato), grilled eggplant, grilled zucchini, bread sticks were all good. But the SWEET CHERRY PEPPER STUFFED WITH GOAT CHEESE was awesome and probably the highlight of the night.My guest decided on a prosuito pizza, none of us really enjoyed it.. (pizza dough oven baked with any cheese or sauce.. then some salad and prosuito on top..  we all think a traditional meat or veggie pizza would have done this place justice. As we specifically came here for pizza..My main course was meat sauce penne.  Only thing good about my pasta was it was cooked al Dante. The house bolognese sauce was flavourless (also mentioned in others comments) and it was runny..so even with the al Dante penne, it didn't really stick because it was so runny.. Had to ask them for Parmesan cheese (probably should have been auto served with my pasta order..) and also had to order olive oil and vinegar to dip our bread sticks, panini, and pizza into.. the starch in this Italian restaurant just wasn't on par to eat it without some sort of additional flavour..As for my guests' main courses, they had chicken and steak sandwiches respectively. Buddy with the steak said it tasted propane grilled.. he enjoyed the onions and I liked the mushrooms. Buddy with the chicken said his tasted like chicken burrito.
Came here on a Monday night with a couple of friends to chill..Place is spacious, but didn't have enough TVs..Surprisingly the bill was pretty cheap..We ordered the one meter beer twice.. it's 10 half-pintes of their in-house brewed beer from blonde to dark.. I think it was about $30 and included a free medium pepperoni pizza.  The 10 half-pintes comes in a nice display and the pizza crust was super thin with barely any crust (comes is a oval shape).  Pizza did taste pretty good..We also ordered the "platter" appetizer and the "sausage and ham" platter main course.  Sausages were super tasty and the slice of honey glazed ham was sweet and garnished nicely.Overall i would recommend to go here with a couples of guys to chill and have beers.. maybe consider coming here for some food with a date if she likes trying different beers.. the food here isn't bad!!! Wouldn't come here to watch a game, nor would it be a top choice for date night in my opinion.Bill only came up to $102 plus tip for 10 half-pintes of beer, 2 medium pizzas, 1 appetizer, and 1 main course..
I would say little less then 3 stars but definitely worth more then 2 stars.Been a long time sporadic customer. I think the quantity and quantity has dropped throughout the years.Great late night place if you're looking for Chinese food court type food plus a little more - huge menu selection!!Today, I ordered a Baked Portuguese Chicken Rice, the portion did get smaller over the years. The sauce was ok, not too much butter which I admire. Boneless Chicken was slightly fried (or heavily stir fried), tender, and nicely portioned for a meat eater.Would have wanted to see some potatoes and onions in the mix and maybe some coconut sprinkles to garnish. Take-out was actually finished baked in the oven - the way it's supposed to.Take-out total was $10.15. Most places will include a drink for that price.. so in this case maybe $1 more expense then others, but nobody else open at this time.
Overall, 2.5 stars.. would prefer to not come again..There was nothing wrong with our meal... dinner for 7 including tip was $350..Let's forget about the price, just food reviewOrdered a 4lb lobster.. 2 stars (fail)Lobster was not 4lbs.. probably around 3.2lbsNot even garlicHand rip chicken 2 starsPoor garnish, just didn't look or taste delicious..XO stir fry Clams 2 starsAlthough clams can be eaten raw, it is expected to be cooked 100% when going stir-fry style. Not everyone of us were able to eat itFresh Steamed Tilapia was over cooked Other dishes were ok... had a few issues with he kitchen being slow so we ended up waiting for food..Nothing was out of the ordinary.. definitely not worth $50 per person..
Place has good dim sum breakfast food, like to come here with my family, they have traditional dishes and new exciting dishes which match my pallet as well. They usually have pretty good service and has a classy environment but not expensive, but today it was super slow and I got super frustrated as I was on a tight schedule. Although today's experience was bad, I would still come back and recommend this place to others.. Been here many times already
Went here for dinner so cant comment on the dimsum. There was an event held there to celebrate a babys' 100th day so was very loud. That didnt deter from the flavourful food.All the dishes we tried were pretty good. They even made the mussels dish light on fire. It's all for the effect as it was fully cooked already.I highly recommend the "salted duck egg battered fried squid/shrimp/scallop" dish. It's the first time I've seen it being offered at any chinese restaurant. Probably very high in cholesteral but it's just so good.Flavours are good. Prices are a bit higher than the normal cantonese restaurant.
Came here for dinner three times now. I don't like many chain restaurants but this one is quite good. Their name is fun to say too.Scaddabush is part of the Service Inspired Restaurants that include Jack Astors, Canyon Creek, REDs, etc. I think they just rebranded Alice Fazoolis that was at this location few years ago. They are still very similar but the rebranding and the addition of fresh mozzarella made daily and other menu options are highly welcomed changes, since I found Alice a bit boring.The mozzarella is made to order, but only available certain hours (dinner time usually), try to get that if you can as an app. Stretchy delicious cheese. I've tried two varieties of it, burrata and bomba burrata, and they were both good although a little expensive for the amount. I also like their giant stuffed meatballs on top of pasta or on its own. The carbonara pasta is great, served with an egg on top, and delivered on a hot skillet pan. Also I tried garlic fries and crispy polenta tots, both decent sides. They come around offering to add parmesan cheese to any dish. Can't get enough.Apple ravioli (pie) with ice cream was an okay dessert. Kinda small. The ice cream melted too quickly due to the hot apple pies, as expected.They have great service here! Also nice decor with TVs. Usually they play music but during the last big sports game, we requested audio to be changed to the game since it seemed like all patrons were watching. The server did her best and made it happen. Would definitely come back when craving Canadianized Italian food.
The best birthday freebie is here, which is their ice cream cake, absolutely delicious.KEG is a reliable steakhouse chain. Always dependable for top service, professional staff, and good food. Go here when you got some spare cash to spare as what you order (app, entree, dessert) can add up.Along with steaks, they have great lobster tails although expensive and I love the stuffed chicken supreme. Their twice baked potato and fries are yummy too. Also enjoyed their complimentary fresh bread. Very busy. Usually always a line up during dinner hours.
This isn't authentic Vietnamese food. More like Chinese/Vietnamese fusion. They have some dishes that can almost pass as being from Congee Queen.Their service was decent, not overly attentive and kind, but you quickly get served when you are hungry.They get plus marks for their humongous portions. Probably can feed two people with one of those noodle dishes. I didn't like the chicken they used for the salad we ordered to share, it was gooey.
Not worth it for the line ups. Came here for dimsum after 2pm today and still had more than a 30 minute wait for a table. No early bird specials on weekends. The thing that made the experience worse was the wait between each of our dishes, took them more than an hour to serve five dishes and finally at 4pm, after wondering what happened to our dessert dish, they tell us they forgot and the kitchen has closed. They apologized and said they had removed it from the bill (no really?). Disappointing... so we went elsewhere for dessert after. Other dim sum places are much quicker. Felt like we sat without food, just waiting, the whole time. Also how do they always run out of the baked bbq pork bun pastry?When each dish did finally come, they were demolished pretty quick. Food was just OK, definitely not worth both the wait at the door nor the wait sitting. Recommend the fried shrimp almond balls and mini beef with black bean sauce pastry pies, although it could do with more filling.
This is a spicy seafood chinese restaurant. They also have cute custard pudding desserts that you must order at the end. All of the dishes were spicy, which I like, but some of the people I came with weren't able to handle the spiciness and needed to chug a lot of water.Food is yummy, although a bit oily. Price is a tad high for a non fine-dining chinese restaurant. The atmosphere is really neat, they have bookshelves on one side, and under the sea decorations on the other.I would recommend trying it if you like spicy seafood dishes.
For $8, you get your selected type of soon tofu along with purple rice and very decent portioned kimchee/side dishes.Servers here were very efficient and nice. We went at a later time right before they were about to close and there were no problems.I love soon tofu and this place is deserves to have it in its name.Only downside I can think of the lack of other dishes. Dont remember seeing gamjatang etc on the menu, but the bf tried their kalbi beef and he liked it.
Went around 3pm today for dim sum. No early bird or late afternoon special prices here on weekends. The dim sum dishes I had were all top notch and freshly made so this rating is based on the dim sum alone.Never been here for dinner. I noticed the prices are extremely high for dinner at a Chinese restaurant but I guess that is why they have "Fine" in the name. Even their lunch hour menu specials are pricey. For example, a seafood udon lunch special is priced at $25 something when you can get that anywhere else for around $10.Back to dim sum. It was $45 after tax/tip for five dim sum plates, which is just enough for 2 people. Although I definitely could have ordered more and finished them with no problem. Describing each below.Har gow shrimp dumplings were delicious, and yes the skin is thicker than other places, but their shrimp filling ratio is also comparably bigger and done very well that you don't need to dip into any sauce.Baked bbq pork puffs with pineapple comes in threes, and I highly enjoyed each. When picking this from the menu, I thought it was going to be bbq pork buns that is topped with pineapple crust. But still very yummy.Beef ribs were priced at "SP" which is $9.80. This dish was just ok. They were a bigger portion than other dim sum restaurants but also much more expensive.Deep fried sesame balls stuffed with egg custard were soooo good. Usually other dim sum places offer just red bean filling. I like red bean but I much prefer this! The piping hot custard oozes out of the fried sesame balls when bitten and werent too oily. Dreamy.Saved the best for last... the baked durian puff dessert were perfection. I don't even like durian much but the durian filling was sweet and creamy and also the pastry puff outer were very buttery egg-tart like. Definitely getting this each time I'm back. Only complaint... wish they were bigger.Decor is nice, with giant king crab tanks near the entrance. Service was also very friendly. Tea charge is $1.80 per person.
The burgers here are delicious and juicy. The poutines are even better! Portion is plenty.I love to come back when in the area and craving a burger.Much better deal than the highly rated burgers priest.They have some tables and seats so you could eat there comfortably so, although many take it to go.Service was good, a nice family.
Usually come here for dim sum. This is the fanciest and largest dim sum restaurant in the GTA, huge venue with many tables, good for weddings and other celebrations they probably hold after dim sum hours.I'm never early enough for the early bird special on weekends but at least I don't have to line up as I hear it can be ridiculously long even with the insane amount of tables they have. Dim sum prices are on the higher end. Without early bird specials, to fill two people up, you would probably order 6 plates and end up paying $48ish after tax/tip.They have such cute Victorian style tea pots and cups it feels like a treat to eat here... Also it is not like other very loud dim sum places. Servers are dressed in these uniforms that make it seem even fancier. Service here is usually alright even with the amount of people eating here at any given time. Never had any of the dishes we ordered forgotten or late although they may come out in a random order (dessert dim sums before entree dim sums).Recommended dishes: curry octopus (mmm), har gows, shrimp rice rolls, egg tarts with bird nest (you get 4 per order), deep fried squid tentacles. They also have some good dessert dim sums unseen at other places such as the sweet almond pancakes and glutinous rice balls filled with sesame.Probably my fav dim sum joint in GTA and would get five stars if not for the prices.
This is in the same chain of restaurants as Turtle Jacks nearby. However, it is much more upscale and fancy, looks very nice and is a pretty good dinner date location. Service was attentive.The food was good on both my visits. Desserts were delish too. Not sure about the authentic-ness of the Italian food served, but I do know it was yummy.Unless it was outstanding, I usually wouldnt give chain restaurants 5 stars. Would come back when craving italian nearby and wanting a fancier atmosphere for special-er occasions.
This is a tiny hole in the wall hong kong cafe style restaurant. Not many seats. But quick turnover.Ladies working here were extremely pleasant and very smiley and apparently have been here forever.They have lunch specials that are super cheap ($5-8) but other times are also cheap.Food itself was pretty good, tried bites of their tomato sauce pork chop, black pepper beef, curry beef and egg drop soup.They only take cash here.
Ate here last night because of their slogan "the original dim sum restaurant". I heard that their XiaoLongBaos are supposed to be even better than the Ding Tai Fung at First Markham Place (the crown of XLBs in the GTA) so we had to try it out. It was delicious! Recommend the original pork and the crab roe and pork mixed. The wrappers are slightly thicker than the ones at Ding Tai Fung and so your precious soup is less likely to spill out accidentally with chopsticks. Great!Ordered some other dishes and all were pretty good, except the sticky fried rice cakes - this was too bland, even if its fried.The sour and spicy bakchoy was just sour, not spicy at all, so maybe also skip this.I love the deep fried egg white souffles filled with either red bean or black sesame at other XLB restaurants (such as Ding Tai Fung or A La Shanghai), but it was odd that we HAD to order another more expensive dessert in order to add one the souffles. They were already $3 each when other restaurants offer it at $7ish for 4... So ended up not trying this but will next time.I havent tried Yu Garden prior to yesterday because anytime we drive by, there is always a line out the door. Would recommend if you like XLBs!
Three brewers have a few locations in the GTA, this one looks new and modern and very spacious inside. They brew their own beers here. Cool fermentation tanks to observe while you eat and watch sports on TV.Third time here and on a weekday night, first time not needing to line up compared to their weekends dinner time rush.Their liege waffles are a must have for dessert, so good, similar to Wandas belgian waffle style and comes with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. They are small so shouldnt have trouble finishing it after dinner.Best thing to get here for dinner are the flatbreads, similar to a very thin crust pizza, but different. The steak one was well done. Prices are in the $15-19 range. Burgers and fries are good too.The service here was a little absent tonight. We had to ask for water a few times as the waitress forgot and then only brought one glass when I asked for a refill and one new glass. Thus minus one star.Depending on where you sit (i.e. the bench seats), you may have blue lighting which makes it impossible to take any good food photos... for example from tonight :).
This is my favourite Malaysian restaurant in the GTA. They make some great dishes, such as green curry, red curr chicken, laksa noodles soup, pineapple fried rice. Even the kebab appetizers are delicious.Their rice and noodle dish portions are huuuge for the price so you'll probably need a doggy bag.One point deducted for CASH only. Not cool.
I love Nando's periperi chicken!The food here is delicious and consistent with other Nando's I've been to, including one in the UK.Recommend their spicy periperi sauce if you can handle it. I love spicy food. Would probably just drink the sauce straight from the bottle if I could. Anyways it makes the chicken from good to good-er. Thumbs up.Also along with ordering your chicken, make sure to try out some of their sides. I like the periperi fries and periperi potato wedges. But really, just anything with periperi is good.Minus one point because the portion you get for the price you pay is whack - chickens are mighty small. However, the taste and periperi spices here are so good that you can ignore this and just go anyway.
Not a bad place when craving Korean food as it is right on Yonge street in R Hill. Their menu looks slightly different than the other Nakwons in the GTA. They also serve purple rice.Six side dishes, consistent with their other locations, sometimes you do get up to nine.Service is ok as well, no complaints, their server call button is always useful.Minus marks for the size of the bulgogi, other restaurants usually have this for $17, but it is $21 before tax/tip here and comes with such a small amount.Their soondubu tasted good, although it either didnt come with an egg or it was just scrambled very well in the soup before being served to you.
I wish I found this hidden gem earlier, given that it's 5 minutes away from home. That said, there are quite a few sushi restaurants around the Leslie and Highway 7 area. Highlights:  - Affordable lunch specials ($12-15 range)- Generous portions. Good sized pieces of sashimi - Wide variety of bento box or sushi / sashimi / roll combos- Good and speedy service- Clean restaurant and clean washroomsWe ordered a pork katsu bento box which came with 2 veggie spring rolls, 2 yam tempura roll pieces and 2 California roll pieces. The kids loved it. My wife ordered the California and Titan roll combo. I ordered the sushi, sashimi and dynamite roll combo. Overall very delicious and this will be my new go-to spot for sushi lunches during the week and on weekends.
We walked to this restaurant from home. Good thing I was looking up nearby restaurants in the neighbourhood and saw the one 5-star review from a fellow Yelper.Service was excellent and all the servers are smiling and checking in regularly. The menu is pretty much one page. I love the simplicity of that. You have your selection of different soon tofu bowls along with Dolsot Bibimbap, Pork Bone soup, Bulgogi soup (with glass noodles) or broiled Bulgogi (hot plate). Our meals came with side dishes (kimchi, bean sprouts, those little sweet beans, and sliced radish strips). The purple rice came in hot stone bowls and you are welcome to scrape the rice out after. Overall this was a great experience and super close to home. This will be a regular spot especially on days when I work from home. Lastly, they accept debit, visa and MasterCard. :)Enjoy!
I can't believe it took us this long to find this spot that's 5 mins away from home. But I guess it's not easy when there are so many choices at this part of Highway 7. The prices are very reasonable and you have all the usual Chinese family restaurant choices. We ordered the cream corn soup (kids' favourite), eggplant and tofu hotpot, beef ribs, and fried veggies. We will be back soon.
This is a good spot for birthday celebrations.  We usually come here every other year for someone's birthday. It's your typical Teppanyaki place that's been westernized and is run by Chinese.  You can expect to pay around $30 per person plus tax and tip. You can choose from a combination of meats and seafood such as steak, chicken, fish, shrimp, etc. They also serve them with sashimi or sushi. You sit around the grill as the chef prepares your meats, veggies and fried rice in front of you.  The fun factor is the chef tries to keep you engaged and entertained. For example, he will likely invite you to try and lift up and crack open a spinning egg using his spatula. The cracked eggs are then used to fry up with the fried rice. The fun factor is watching your food cooked one dish at a time and served fresh to your plate.  The chefs are also pretty skillful with their knives and spatulas. Overall I usually leave more than satisfied and the food is above average. Just don't expect anything too fancy.
This is my favourite pho place. Found it thanks to fellow Yelpers. Thanks!!It's a smaller restaurant that seats around 40 people max. Cash only. Service is friendly and is run by Vietnamese. It is one of the cleanest pho places I've been to and I've been to quite a few across the GTA.  The bathroom is really well maintained. On to the food:  The broth is sweet and really delicious.  I don't normally drink a lot of the soup but I can't stop at this place.  I usually order their large special which is $9.50 and is a big bowl of noodles. We've also tried the Tom yum soup noodles which are good. Their spring rolls are crisp from the deep fryer and go well as an appetizer or as part of a Vermicelli dish. Overall I highly recommend. Just remember to bring cash. They do have an ATM though.
Summary:  OVERRATED. Decent food bogged down by high prices and poor service. My family has been planning to check this out for a while after all the hype. We were sorely disappointed. Their signature Peking duck dish only comes with the duck skin wrap and no lettuce wrap. You get a duck bone soup or duck bones as a consolation prize.  Not worth it at all. We ordered 2 cold dishes (vinegar chicken and sweet and sour pork ribs) which were decent. We ordered Chinese broccoli and a spicy cabbage with pork slices for veggies. They were tasty but too oily. Shrimp fried in coconut bits was the best dish we had. Followed by lamb slices in sour sauce (pickled veggies) on a bed of glass noodles. In general, most dishes were too oily or salty. Reminded me of the cooking in northern China. Think all those chili oil dishes that are really greasy. Service was non existent. No one came to clear the empty plates or change our small plates. Dishes were served without any introduction so you didn't quite know what it was. Overall this was a disappointing experience. We were reluctant to leave a tip even though we were a party of 13. Thankfully we were seated next to clean dishes and napkins so we could serve ourselves. I highly recommend going to Grand Lake Chinese Cuisine (Tai Woo) at Kennedy and Highway 7 for better Peking duck and seafood at very good prices.
This location is really close to home and is a good way to get the Northern Chinese fix.  Our kids often see this place on the way home and want to come back.  It's also conveniently located next to a McDonald's and St Louis Wings.  So it's always a toss up when we come to this plaza what they really want.We've been here about 5 times now and previously I would have given it 4 stars.  I think that 3 stars is more appropriate.The hand-pulled noodles are still tasty but most of the portions for toppings like meats and such are on the skimpier side.Fried noodles are good but too greasy -- same for appetizers like the beef wraps or chive pancake.I do wonder if this style of Northern Chinese cooking just calls for more salt and oil.  We were feeling pretty thirsty after lunch.If you have small kids, they may not appreciate the cook slapping the noodle dough really loudly on the counter.  Our son was still covering his ears due to the loud noises.
This is another one of my favourite noodle restaurants for lunch on a weekday or on the weekend with the family.You choose your soup base, noodles, ingredients, drinks and an optional side dish.  $9.75 + $2.25 for the side dish.One of my go-to choices is the Laksa soup with Egg Noodles, Beef Brisket and Fish Tofu.  I pair that with a Hot Milk Tea/Coffee or a Cold Lemon Ribena drink (mixed with Club Soda -- a winning thirst-quenching combo).  For my side, I usually go with the deep fried chicken wings (that have a nice crispy skin and hint of ginger) or the deep fried fish filet (also tasty).It's a big bowl of noodles and the service is quick.You will be satisfied and keep coming back for more.
St Louis is known for great wings and great fries -- and their addictive dill dip.Service is friendly and they have daily specials on weekdays.We sat outside on the patio with the kids.  They have an affordable kids menu and I'd recommend the chicken tenders for the kids or yourself.I never have a problem finding parking in this plaza which includes a McDonald's and Magic Noodles.I have not come on a night where there's a game playing on TV -- so I can't speak to how service or food quality may be impacted on a busy night.All I know is that I will come here if I ever need to get my wing and fries fix.
I grew up eating northern style dumplings and I get the same homey, thick skinned, plump and juicy dumplings here. As always with northern dim sums, dishes tend to be on the oilier side but it's nostalgic for me so I don't mind.The atmosphere is kinda noisy/cramped but it's kinda to be expected.
Came here for dim sum and it was alright....they have some fusion versions of classics that were just weird. Heard the hype from BlogTO and was disappointed after trying. Seem to be good quality ingredients tho!
I absolutely love the sticky rice here and if I could rate the entire experience based on that one dish, it would be a solid 4 stars. However, since it is a hot pot place, I had to hold myself back from filling up on the sticky rice and the rice pot with Chinese sausages.The rest of the choices for hot pot are average. They offer hand made beef, pork, and cuttlefish balls but I find I actually prefer the consistency of frozen ones. The service is rather slow and parts of my order were forgotten on several occasions.
Disclaimer: I haven't had many laksa soup bases before so I'm not how accurate my tastes are in this area. That being said, I loved the laksa soup here because of its creaminess and flavor. It's not that spicy despite the colour. I don't like rice noodle so I think I'd rather eat with instant noodles (which seems like a waste for a lot of people). But I think the soup base is worth it!Husband got the dan dan soup which was also pretty good in flavour but texture was too thick.
Good place for a large group. Fav dishes were the grilled eel, spicy calamari, and tsuki rolls. Their Korean cheesy chicken was not bad either!
This place is great for late night eats, and when we're craving a quick, easy canto dish. My husband always gets the BBQ pork/roast pork on rice and the portion is pretty generous. I stick to wonton noodles.I would steer clear of their dim sum menu, even tho it's so cheap. Quality/taste are not very good.
Inatei is a nice restaurant, but its a la carte price for the variety/quantity cannot compare to higher end ayce jap restaurants.Service was good but I think they need to improve on the variety/taste to attract customers if price and $ is to stay the same.
We enjoyed Yu Garden's steamed mini buns, especially the truffle one.  The king size one wasn't bad, but more of a gimmick, would only order it once for fun.  Prices are a bit higher than usual shanghainese restaurants with smaller portions, but food was good and restaurant was clean and new.
Small portions, salty, and oily.  I will not be coming back to this restaurant.  Came for lunch and ordered the stuffed meatball ($14), charity bread with cheese ($5) and baked cabonara ($16).  All 3 were tiny pirtions and not worth the price.  Maybe if it tasted better that could justify it, but the bread and meatball were both very salty, and the bread was too overly soaked in oil for my taste.  The baked cabonara is very basic, aside from the novelty of being served up in a small cast iron dish with some breadcrumbs, the taste was below average.  It's also not a true cabonara with eggwash sauce, more like alfredo sauce with bacon salt and pepper and an egg on top.  Service was fine, no issues there, and atmosphere is the same as the previous Aliz Fazoolis.
Very happy to have a new ramen spot nearby, food is good and price is decent.  Their combo deals are interesting, and I like the idea of earning the loyalty card.  We added extra pork to our ramen and both tried the garlic flavour, it was a bit odd that porkbone soup was extra cost, but overall a good experience.Interior decor wise could use improvement, service was prompt and good.
First time coming here for dinner and it was a great experience.  I ordered the Chirashi and the fish was fresh and portion size was generous.  My husband ordered the bimbimbap and really enjoyed that as well.  The beef comes raw and becomes cooked as you mis it in tge hot stone bowl.  We also got the Fire Viking roll which was tasty and fun to see.  They gave 3 a few free appetizers as well including soup, salad, mini noodle, grilled salmon head, korean sidedishes, and icecream.  Service was friendly and excellent.  The plaza looks old on the outside but inside is clean and comfortable.  I would come here again when craving sashimi/sushi but don't want ayce.
Came here for a late dinner as it is usually quite packed on the weekend. Quality is consistent here and service is good.  We ordered the cold noodle and a seafood tofu soup.  Cold noodle portion was huge! It comes with radish, apple, cucumber, and 3 slices of beef.  They also provide vinegar and horseradish sause for additional seasoning.  A bit much for 1 person so I'd suggest you order this to share.  Noodles are thin and chewy and comes in iced broth.Seafood soon tofu soup was good but expect mainly calamari rings, 1 clam, 1 mussle.  There was no shrimp.  Overall still tasty.  The rice doesn't come in a stone pot like some other places though.Lots of sidedishes including kimchee, japchae, brocolli, beans, apple slices, and tofu.  Brocolli as a korean sude dish was kind of odd, suggest they replace this with beansprouts instead.The tabletop cooking next to us looked really good as well and I'd like to try it next time.
Pleasantly surprised by Tomo.  Originally came to this plaza for Pho but the restaurant was closed so we decided to try Tomo and am glad we did.Fair prices for lunch menue and enjoyed the quality of food.Chirashi: consisted of 6 salmon, 3 salmon belly, 3 toro, 3 butterfish seared, 3 soft pink fish (not sure of the variety but was smooth texture, very good), and a generous portion of rice.  Set includes soup and salad as well, but no dessert.  Kalbi Tempura Bento: Good portion of grilled kalbi with some chopped veggies, 3 pc california roll, tempura shrimp x2, tempura veggies cosisted of mushroom, yam, and squash. Set includes soup and salad as well, but no dessert.Service was good and restaurant is spacious and nice inside with lots of booth seating and private rooms for groups.Overall a good dining experience and would come back.  Only reason the rating is not 5* is due to no dessert, as most jap restaurants at this price range would include ice-cream or fruits.
Nam is a nice spot for a bowl of pho, but what impressed me was their Fried Chicken Wings in Nam Special Sauce.Food:- Pho was good, broth not too fatty and medium was a generous portion size.  I tend to ask for cooked bean sprouts to go with my pho.- Chicken vermicelli with spring roll.  This dish was a bit basic compared to a few other viet restaurants.  Not a lot of chicken and the spring roll skin was different than expected.  My husband had the pork vermicelli on another occassion and says that dish is better.- Chicken wings are a must try.  Love the nam special sauce which is garlic based, and comes with some chopped onions and peppers as garnish.  Very yummy and large portion, 6 to 7 wings per order.Ambience:  tastefully decorated and modern, but it is a small place and the seating is a bit crammed.  Expect to be sharing a large table with others, and gets fairly busy after 1pm on the weekend.
First visit to Chi Star House was a disappointment.Cons:- Seafood dishes come in small portion sizes and not true to the description.  Beware.  We ordered the lobster for $24.99, the single lobster was guaranteed to be 1.5lbs but it was closer to just 1 lbs or slightly over 1.  Definitely dud not meet the minimum of 1.5lbs.  When the staff was selecting the lobster, I heard them say the lobster shipment hasn't arrived yet, but then they pulled out two from the tank and brought it in to weigh.  I assume they knew those lobsters were too small but went ahead to serve it anyway.- Honey Pepper Oyster.  At $18.99, again the oysters were very small, only 2 out of 6 was a decent size.  Other restaurants have more generous portions for this price, such as Fancy on 14th and Kennedy.- Chestnut Pork Ribs, this dish was good but not spectacular.- Lotus in sauce, not bad tasting but very basic.- Meal does come wuth soup and dessert, which is good.Place: interior is clean and more of a chinese cafe than restaurant.Service: not bad but not great, just average.Don't think I will come back for dinner but their lunch assortment is completely different. So maybe I will give it a second chance and try their cafe foods during lunch instead.
I would give Haru a 3.5 rating, overall it was a pleasant experience.We got 2 lunch sets at $14.99 each, both came with complimentary soup salad and icecream.The rolls in the lunch set (orange dragon & shrimp tempura) were large and similar to the rolls at Mine Sushi.  Fish was fresh and was standard variety.  Price wise is good value and resraurant is modern inside.Would come here again when feeling like a regular sushi lunch and don't want to wait a long time or battle for parking.
Came here for lunch and got the sizzling plate, comes with fried fish and assorted seafood for $10.99, a pretty good deal.  Cajun sauce in mild was delicious.  Instead of 2 crawfish they now give 1 extra of mussel, clam, and shrimp.  Will definitely be back again!
Enjoyed dim sum here, no wait and good food, with 10% off bill with cash payment.It's in the same plaza as Maxim, not very noticeable at first but glad we came across it on yelp!They have some novel dim sum that other places don't, such and omlette sticky rice, pumpkin puff and durian pastry.  The steamed roll with tofu was very tasty too.Will come back again for dim sum to try other items on the menue!
Whatever people say about the other wings places, I don't care, because All Star (all locations) has the best wings. Their insanely long list of flavours gives you so many endless options you won't know what to choose. I am a lover of spice and I love that there are so many spicy flavours I can keep trying. It's a sports bar so it does get very very rowdy. There's also a TV at every booth and you can request to change it to whatever you want to watch. One of my favourite wings places!
My go to sushi place in Richmond Hill! Their food is so fresh and if you go at lunch, they have really well priced lunch meals. The combos also come with these wonderful pudding-like desserts in little double shot glasses that are incredibly yummy. The sashimi is very fresh here and you get a lot of big pieces. It's a big pricier than other restaurants in the area, but I think it's worth it. The restaurant has a great feel once inside - the decor makes it feel very peaceful.
I didn't really like this place. Maybe I'm just picky about my sushi, but I felt like it was one of those places where their rolls are too big. There was too much rice to everything else ratio. Aside from that, the prices were good and the food was good. I do like my maki rolls, but this place made them with too much rice.
This is one of my go to cheap noodle places in Richmond Hill and I always order the most popular beef noodle soup with a lot of hot sauce on the side of course. Don't expect anything fancy in here, it's just a standard restaurant with some tables and chairs. You can see the chefs in the back making the different types of noodles though. It's very reasonably priced and any bowl of noodle soup will only be about $10. The portions are pretty big so you won't leave feeling hungry. I haven't been there in a while though, but I've heard that the quality has been deteriorating. Still, if you need a quick cheap bite to eat, I'd still recommend this place for that. Just keep your expectations reasonable.
This place holds a special place in my heart because I've been coming here religiously since I went to high school across the street. Even many many years after I graduated, I still come here to get Thai/Malaysian takeout. The portions here are so generous and a must get is their...roti! It's amazingly delicious and made to perfection. They also have a lunch menu with smaller portions and cheaper prices. It is always pretty packed at lunch because of people who work nearby and students of course. If you go get takeout, it's usually 15-20 mins wait maximum. Seriously, this place was my first introduction to Thai/Malaysian and I still compare everywhere I go to it.
The food arrived in a reasonable time.  There was free wifi in the restaurant.The Curry Chicken with Baguette (banh mi ca ri ga) was the first to arrive.  It looked very authentic with the baguette arriving whole and not cut up into slices.  The curry was really good!  It was a nice consistency, not spicy at all, and full of mint and green onions.  It was a really solid curry sauce that went really well with the crispy baguette.  The pieces of chicken were decent too and there were chunks of potatoes.  On the side of the plate, there were some pickled vegetables like cucumbers, carrots, and cabbage.  When I ate the pickled vegetables together with the curried baguette and some chicken, it tasted so, so good! The large bowl of beef pho (pho dac biet) soon arrived.  The large size was indeed large and I liked how the broth was steaming hot and almost boiling when it arrived at the table.  There were a lot of meat in it (rare beef, brisket, tripe, tendon, beef balls) and the pho noodles were the thin ones.  It tasted really good.  I especially liked how the rare beef arrived raw and actually red in colour.  When you dipped it into the steaming hot soup, it quickly cooked in the soup.  It was so tender and delicious.  I especially liked the beef tendon -- the pieces were large and so soft and melted in your mouth when you ate it.The order of Nam's dry crispy chicken wings with lime sauce (canh ga chien) was a little disappointing.  There were only 7 chicken wings in the basket.  For a price of $7.90, my mom thought the price was not justified.  I was disappointed with the taste of the chicken wings.  I thought they could have been more flavourful.  Perhaps I should try the chicken wings with their special house sauce next time.All in all, I was quite impressed with this new-ish Vietnamese restaurant.  I truly believe that their food was authentically made from Vietnamese recipes.  I would love to come back and try their other dishes.
The soup was very thick and creamy as advertised in the menu, the thin noodles were firm, and there were a lot of wood ear mushrooms and green onions.  I adored the smoothness and softness of the boiled egg.  It had a very soft yoke that was to die for.  It was so good and well boiled!  I really liked the pork shoulder meat too -- it wasn't as tough as I was afraid it might have been.  The pork shoulder texture was just right and not chewy either.
Shortly after I received my order of Shredded Chicken with Sausage Pho Noodle in Soup, the same server came back to inform us that they didn't have enough fresh pho noodles to cook for my mom's portion of pho and asked if she wanted to vermicelli instead.  Um, vermicelli is not the same type of noodles as pho at all and curry would have been ideal with pho so that it could soak up the sauciness...  So, no, of course my mom didn't want vermicelli with the curry chicken.  The server asked if she wanted the dry pho noodles and since my mom doesn't like the taste of dry pho (fresh pho tastes better for her), she decided to forgo the order entirely.Anyway, my order of Shredded Chicken with Sausage Pho Noodle in Soup was so-so.  First, I liked that the broth was tasty and steaming hot.  Hot pho soup broth is so important.  The shredded chicken were tender.  The pho noodles were decent.  However, the Vietnamese sausage was cut too thick and didn't taste good at all.  I have fond memories of eating Vietnamese sausage in soup noodles that are almost always delicious.  This one was really disappointing based on it being so thick and kind of flavourless.
I asked for lots of fresh grated Parmesan cheese on my Spaghetti Carbonara; I love cheese!  I really liked the texture of the stringy hand made spaghetti.  It was like comfort food and very al dente!  I also liked the double smoked bacon slices within the spaghetti.  I wish there were more egg and caramelized onions in the dish though and even more cheese would have made the dish come together more in terms of flavour.  When comparing this pasta dish to the one that we all had here on our first visit (a creamy fettuccine seafood dish that was on special that night), this one pales in comparison.  Nevertheless, I still really enjoyed the quality of the pasta here! :)
My Fish Fillet Baked in Dill Rosé Sauce with Rice arrived first.  In addition to the dill rosé sauce, there was definitely cheese baked on top of it too.  It smelled really great.  I found the combination of dill rosé sauce with the cheese to be so delicious!  No wonder Baron recommended this dish.  It was definitely tasty.  The rice grains were smaller than I was used to.  I thought that there could have been more fish fillets within the dish however.
Unfortunately, I thought that the Spicy Caterpillar Roll was less than spectacular in taste.  The rice that wrapped around the spicy tuna and cucumber was very mushy and not characteristic of Japanese rice at all which should be firm.  I was quite disappointed with the quality of the rice here.  I couldn't really taste the tuna inside the roll either...  The wasabi also wasn't spicy enough for my taste.
The first fresh mozzarella ball she did was for the Burrata cheese which was a popular one out of the fresh mozzarella selections but it was spicy.  Christal and I opted for the Naked Fresh Mozzarella this time since we had never had this before.  We watched her make the one for our table as well.That was a very quick and fun experience.We were told that we could cut the mozzarella with a knife and then eat it with the San Marzano tomato jam, sea salt, and focaccia crostini.  I found that putting everything together with the mozzarella made it taste good.  The fresh mozzarella was quite chewy and definitely fresh!  This was my first time having fresh mozzarella.
The Szechuan Style Sliced Lamb arrived with the sliced lamb in a bowl with the spicy sauce and bean sprouts and some glass noodles at the bottom of the dish.  This was really tasty and slightly ma-la spicy.  The consistency and method of cooking of the sliced lamb was that of hot pot style where the raw sliced lamb was boiled in the spicy sauce to lap up its flavour.The Stir Fried Eggplant, Bitter Melon, and Green Beans was also a bit spicy but the vegetables were otherwise well done and tasty.
The Hokkaido Ramen with the milky tonkotsu soup base definitely lived up to its name!   The broth was extremely milky and not salty at all.  I really liked it.  The ramen was a little thick and had a great texture.  The ramen also came with BBQ pork, egg, green onion, black fungus, corn, and one of those pink swirly fishcakes.
The King Size Nanxiang Crab Roe Soup in Steamed Bun arrived next.  I was so excited for this!  It was definitely worthy of a photo (no matter if you are a foodie or not ).  The extra large steamed bun sat in a dumpling basket on top of a cup (to catch the residual soup).  There was a straw that stuck out from the top and there was already crab roe soup gushing out from it -- to be honest, I don't think there should have been that much soup gushing out yet -- the customer should have been the one to let that happen.In any case, the soup was really hot to suck out from the straw so I had to let it cool for a couple of minutes first.  Once it cooled off, I really enjoyed the fresh Nanxiang crab roe soup!  After you suck out all of the soup, only the dumpling skin and its contents are left.  I only found a shrimp and some scraps of meat inside but otherwise I think the main attraction of this steamed bun was just the straw and soup part.  Nevertheless, I still really enjoyed the experience and was glad to experience it for myself!
The extra spicy soup actually wasn't too hot.  It was super tasty and I loved slurping the soup.  Everything was so delicious.  I especially liked the dumplings (two came in the pot) in the Dumpling Soon Tofu.  The beef could have been more raw but it was still good.
I had dim sum with my relatives at Omei Restaurant.  I had always seen Omei Restaurant from the street when driving along Highway 7 but this was my first time dining there.  I had always thought it was a very high-end restaurant that was fancy inside and expensive.  However, when we went there for dim sum last week, it turned out that Omei Restaurant was just another Chinese restaurant.  It certainly wasn't fancy-looking inside and even a little run-down with traditional Chinese restaurant colour schemes.We ordered a number of dim sum and small dishes to share.  We were able to receive a 15 percent discount that day off our bill which made the meal even cheaper!I liked all of the dim sum dishes.  They were very typical and the tastes were true to what each dim sum traditionally tastes like.The steamed spareribs were hot and tasty with just enough fat and meat ratio.  So yummy!Their steamed beef stomach with satay sauce was really well done.  The beef stomach wasn't chewy at all and very soft.  It soaked up all of the satay sauce too.I was particularly pleased to find out that they served us complimentary Chinese soup desserts after the meal too!  They served the Purple Rice Pudding in Coconut Milk dessert that I like.
There was an "Appetizer Island" in the middle of the restaurant where we were free to select from the hot and cold dishes a la buffet style.  When we were done selecting from the Appetizer Island, we could return to the table and show our "Sim" or "Não" signs in order to indicate to the Gauchos whether we wanted them to stop at our table to serve us meats or not.  I think this style of dining is so fun and interactive!Once we got back to the table, I displayed the "Sim" card and the Gauchos approached us right away with cuts of meat.  The first one was the Pork Ribs which was very a very large piece and very tasty.  The meat on it was nicely seasoned and tasted good.The Leg of Lamb was fairly good too and not too rough at all.The Bacon-Wrapped Chicken Breast was surprisingly tender and moist.  It was quite good!When it came to chicken, I liked the Chicken Legs more.  The meat was smooth and tender.  I did think it was a little over-salty though, even for my taste.The Picanha (cut of beef called sirloin cap in the U.S. that is popular in Brazil and referred to as the rump cover, rump cap or coulotte) had a very crispy skin and the meat was firm.The Parmesan Sirloin was very good and tasty!  I really enjoyed how it had crunchy Parmesan grilled on top of the moist sirloin.  The Garlic Steak was very moist and juicy although the garlic wasn't as strong as the Parmesan.The Pork Sausage was just okay-tasting to me.I found the Beef Short Ribs a bit rough to chew through.Out of the 12 meats that night (plus two special ones), I didn't try the Flank Steak or Top Sirloin.  After a while, the abundant meats was really filling and I just couldn't eat too much anymore.The Grilled Pineapple was everyone's favourite.  The Grilled Pineapple was actually out a lot and the gauchos didn't fail to bring it out constantly.  This was a larger piece than I had experienced before at the other Brazilian steakhouse and not as sweet.  Their Grilled Pineapple is covered with cinnamon and sugar before being grilled so the exterior is crispy with a cinnamon and sugar crust.I found that all of the the portions here were larger than what I experienced at the other Brazilian steakhouse.  I preferred the smaller portions at the other restaurant since it meant you wouldn't be too full after just one round.  The grilled pineapple portions were smaller there too, which I enjoyed more.Our server also gave us a portion of cheese bread at the beginning of the meal which I loved!  These little morsels of cheese bread were so gooey, chewy, and cheesy!
I have had durian pancakes before (in the motherland of Hong Kong to say the least) and so it speaks volumes when I say that these Durian Pancakes were actually better than any other durian pancake I've ever tried and better than the ones I've tried in Hong Kong.  What?!  How can that be?!  I was so shocked and surprised myself too!These yellow durian pillows (tasted and felt like it) were so fluffy and soft.  The skin of the pancake was incredibly thin and soft.  It was amazing how well-made these were.  Inside of the pancakes, there was some whipped cream and some substantial chunks of real durian fruit.  Wow, it was amazing.  It smelled so good and didn't even taste like frozen durian too.
The Dragon Boat Specialty Dim Sum Platter (富貴雀籠) arrived next.  This looked so appealing on the menu that I just had to get it to try.  This platter had two tiers of food on it like the high tea sets!  It was so fancy!  The bottom tier had some seaweed salad, sweet beans, pickled chicken feet, Deep Fried Turnip with Ham and Sesame, and a pork bun wrapped in seaweed.  The top tier had the desserts:  egg tart, coffee jello, coconut jello molded into a piece of papaya, Baked BBQ Pork Puff Pastry, and a small selection of fruits.  This was an amazing dim sum platter and I'd never seen anything like it!  We had to take photos to commemorate this unique dim sum experience.In this platter, I really liked the coffee jello, coconut-papaya dessert, and the Deep Fried Turnip with Ham and Sesame.The Deep Fried Seaweed Roll with Shrimp & Fish (定海神針) was really, really good!  This was really crispy and freshly fried shrimp and fish in a roll with nori on the inside.  This was one of my favourites that day.The Steamed Beef Tripe with Ginger & Green Onion (薑葱牛柏葉) was really tender and came in a plentiful portion.  I love it when beef tripe is tender and has soaked up all of the sauce.  Yum!The Steamed Avocado & Eel Rice Rolls (鮮果鰻魚腸) was definitely one of the most unique rice noodle rolls I've ever had.  The avocado chunks were freshly green-coloured and there were significant amounts of it as well as the eel inside the rice roll.  The avocado and eel made such a great combination in the rice roll.  I would love to eat this again.
The "Marlowe bruschetta" contained soft black kalamata olives and plum tomato chunks on an olive oil brushed white baguette which was very tasty compared to most bruschettas being served on just plain bread.The spinach and goat cheese dip was pretty good but I think it was a little too thick.   It contained a lot of ingredients in it like cream cheese, parmesan cheese, goat cheese, mozzarella cheese, artichokes, jalapeños, and roasted red peppers.  The nacho chips were just average crispy chips.
The Lobster Roll was presented in a nice way, with the lobster tail sticking out of one of the rolls and the eight-piece roll divided up in a half formation on the plate. I tried one roll and I thought that there wasn't very much lobster in the roll. My dining partner thought that the lobster shouldn't have been fried with a tempura batter; it took away from the lobster taste in the sushi roll.The Fried Salmon Skin Roll was a new roll I don't think I've tried before.  It was interesting and its insides were all fried salmon skin.  It was very crunchy but otherwise I wasn't a huge fan of it.
My Dolsot Bibimbap arrived with a clear soup with green onions in it as well as a bottle of spicy paste for me to add to the hot stone bowl as needed.  I mixed all the ingredients (assorted vegetables like carrots, mushrooms, spinach and fried egg) together and the purple rice that came with it (usually white rice is served in a bimbimbap).  The bibimbap was good.  I wish there was a little more beef in it though and I thought that I could have eaten a little bit more.  The portion might have been a little small for someone else.The prices were reasonable here and I wouldn't mind coming back in the future to try some more dishes.
The Singapore Laksa arrived in a tilted bowl, which looked nice, but it meant that there were fewer contents in it because if there were a lot, it would have spilled out on the side.  There were two types of noodles in the laksa -- a vemicelli-type and a yellow thick noodle.  This wasn't authentic Singapore Laksa.  The broth was creamy but wasn't even spicy enough.  There was one shrimp, two pieces of fish, some chicken chunks, and tofu puffs in total in the bowl.  The soup broth also wasn't hot enough -- tasted lukewarm.  This was just not a good "Singapore Laksa" at all.  It was like a watered down and Chinese-style version of what the real thing should have been.They ran out of the "Aromatic Soy Chicken with rice" so I ordered the "Char-grilled Lemongrass Chicken" instead.  The chicken was served separately from the rice and I actually really liked the Char-grilled lemongrass chicken.  It was very meaty, moist, tender, and crispy on its grilled parts.  It went well with the watery peanut sauce too.  The rice was slightly flavoured and had some dried fruit in it as well.  This item tasted decent but for $10.99, I'm not sure if it was really worth it.
Alice doesn't live here anymore... and neither does the good chef, I suppose.  Stopped in for a business lunch for the first time in a long time.  I was looking forward to a good meal at a good price.  Today was not going to be my day.I ordered the Seafood Fettucine for around $20.  I asked to substitute the fettucine for linguine, and the request was cheerfully granted.  The mussels were tender and fresh, but that's where it ended.  The shrimp and scallops were small, chewy and flavourless.  An overall good experience was marred by a poorly executed dish.  At $12 I couldn't gripe, but at $20?  That is a premium lunch price so the disconnect is large. I still give Alice an extra  star for past successes--I don't recall having a bad meal there before this.
What is there to say?  There are already over 80 reviews, and a lot of Elites have graded Fresh Burger at the top of the heap.All I know is that I left the store with a 6 ounce Prime Burger, and I can't find it anymore.  All I can see is this empty wrapper, brown paper bag, and a soiled napkin. And I want another one!  Now!!  I MEAN RIGHT NOW!!!!
Let me just start by saying that Yu's sets a new standard for my seafood relationship. I stopped in for DimSum, which I knew was a mistake going solo, but I have been dying to get I here.  In order to properly assess the food, I had to eat for two to get enough of the spectrum. Excellent and different. For example, I had the Lobster and Shrimp steamed buns, typical except seafood instead of pork inside. This was the most tender, fluffiest bun I have ever enjoyed!The Siu Mai was also plump and perfectly steamed. The Shrimp and Scallop Dumplings were creatively presented, where the wrap was shaped to resemble sort of an origami fish, complete with eyes dabbed on and a textured tail. A LOT of extra effort for something that will vaporize off the plate when it gets within 24 inches of me!Of course, looking at the famed Lobster Tower at the next table, all I can say is "they were very lucky I ordered too much of my own to attack their table"!
A good Italian restaurant becomes a good Indian restaurant.  Adrak is an upscale Indian restaurant in the base of a multi storey building right on Highway 7--but entered from the back side on Werthiem Court, so it is not as well known as it could be.A late lunch brought me in when the place was nearly empty.  It retained its classy look from years ago, with a kitchen behind glass, and a tidy little bar off the building lobby.Looking at the one other table that had ordered food, I liked what I saw and was forced to choose between a Thali and a platter about 2 square feet in area.  The platter won.I ordered the Shrimp Curry, medium heat.  The platter had a bowl of curry and shrimp, accompanied by a small salad, Basmati rice, and Naan bread (choice of plain or garlic).  The curry contained 3 of the largest shrimp I have ever seen outside of the seafood counter at St Lawrence Market.  Even though the shrimp (prawns?) were very large, they were cooked well.  They were definitely not tender, but that is common with really big shrimp, not the fault of the kitchen.Overall, the platter and an iced tea came out to $18.  I can't decide if it is better than Bombay Bhel, but it is slightly more expensive.  I would reserve Adrak for business guests if I wanted the upscale environment for entertainment.
This is the place for premium deserts!  After a great Chinese meal around the corner, I just had to pack a desert on top.  Sure, a dumb move, but I am very glad I did it!I had The Fork Awakens, which has a healthy serving of pecan ice cream, blanketed by a fresh, chewy crepe, drizzled with caramel and Nutella and a generous portion of chopped pecans.Forget taking any of it home!  This is a desert meant to be savoured to the end.I had a coffee with my desert, at least the part that I did not spill all over the place.  Then I followed up with the Cider House Rules, a hot cup of buttery apple cider that is the most incredible balance I have ever had in a beverage.For years I have driven past Cafffe Demetre locations all over.  I wish I had stopped in sooner.  I need to make up for lost time!
A Chatime with a specialty bakery attached?  Great combination!  I usually make it a point to stop here for my usual tea, but I can't leave without a baked item.  The Tiramisu is one of the best I have had, exceeding most Italian restaurants in flavour and presentation.
One of the best Thai restaurants I've tried. Busy on a Saturday evening, with a very high proportion of Asian diners.  I could tell right away that this was a good choice.I started with the Wonton Soup.  It is different than the true Chinese version but just as good, with a flavourful broth, and tender wontons.  The Panang Curry beef was as advertised, a wonderful curry flavour and beef brisket.  Although I would not normally order eggplant, my associate ordered the Thai Basil Eggplant with Tofu.  It was also amazingly flavourful.The real surprise was the Mango Sticky Rice.  Several sweet and ripe mango halves were  accompanied by white and black sticky rice, and a small cup of coconut milk to pour over the rice.  Subtly sweet, chewy, al dente, fresh and vibrant, it was a perfect end to a great meal.The menu is diverse and enticing.  This is a restaurant you need to visit many times.  I will!
Then my meal came.  I was enjoying the great service, the nice surroundings and then my meal came.I ordered the Lobster & Shrimp Linguini, which at $23 was a bit of a fat whack, but I do love seafood.  Besides, the business associate that invited me was paying.  The dish arrived with a half tail of lobster, which was about the size of a large langoustine, or one of the jumbo shrimp at St. Lawrence Market.  That was it for the lobster.  Also included were 4 medium shrimp.  That was it for the shrimp.  That was it for the seafood.  That was it for $23.Sorry, Charlie...
Let the meat sweats begin!  Sure, expect to pay more for AYCE meat, but compared to a ribeye at Ruth's Chris, this is actually a deal!There is a hot table with a variety of veggies and other side dishes, but I just sample, saving space for the endless parade of sword grilled meats that come by the table. The one "non meat" item is the grilled pineapple, coated in sugar and cinnamon. It could be desert by itself!  Of course they also have a desert menu, but if you did your part correctly, you won't have room!
Based on the number of good ratings from the Elites, I thought I would give it a try.  I was surprised to see Beef Brisket and Chinese Radish on the lunch menu.  I am a big fan, so this was a no brainer.  I started with the soup, which seems to be a Tomato Hot and Sour, different, just a nice heat to it, and good flavour.Then my lunch arrived-surprise!  It was Beef Brisket and Chinese Radish SOUP!  Oh, well, maybe I didn't look closely enough at the menu.  This was a big tureen of soup, filled with radish in an impossibly rich and flavorful soup base.  I cleaned it up, and forgot about the rice sitting on the table.This was a nice surprise, and overall a good experience.  I am still looking for a place that makes the brisket and radish as a stew, if you have a suggestion, drop me a note!
A nice blend of good food and good brew.  It was a rainy day in Richmond Hill when I stopped in for lunch.  The place was fairly empty, but the staff was attentive.  I had heard about these things called "flamms", an impossibly thin-crust pizza that's really not a pizza, for either a shareable appy or a main.  There are only a few varieties, but none were like a typical Italian pizza.I had the Venetian, which is as Italian as they get for a French based chain.  It had tissue thin shaved, dry aged artisanal meats, tomatoes, roasted peppers, Kalamata olives, mozza and swiss cheeses, and drizzled with olive oil.  The "crust" was about half the thickness of a fresh tortilla, so I knew a whole flamm as a main dish would not be overkill.  It was surprisingly good, and punted its nearest competitor (thin crust pizza) to the curb.The knowledgable server explained a bit about the chain's origin in France, and the derivation of the name.  Flammekueches were originally a dough that they would throw into the oven to check the temperature.  Since they were pulling these flatbreads out cooked, why not toss some toppings on and eat it instead of tossing it.  Must be a French innovation.Anyway, my associate had the fish and chips.  The fish was as good as any, and the beer batter coating was especially good.  I didn't really have room for the Liege Waffle with vanilla ice cream and Brown Beer caramel sauce, but I asked if I could taste a teaspoon of the sauce. It was incredible!And beer?  Yes, fresh brew is yours, with pairings for the menu items.  As if beer needed to be paired with anything other than my mug!You need to try this place.  I need to go back for desert.
They don't make pizza.  Surprised?  When you sit down in this simple but large restaurant, you are handed no less than 5 menus.  They serve everything from noodles, to congee to sushi--Oh My! (ode to John Pinette).  They make everything except pizza!  So, "how is it" you ask?Considering this restaurant has no clue about picking a culinary theme, they do an awesome job and juggling so much variety.  You would think that they can't do it all well if they do everything, but I say "Nay Nay!"They have great, gargantuan noodle dishes, enough for two meals.  They have standard dishes, and a list of sushi, dim sum and of course-BBQ Hong Kong style!  This is the place if you or your group can't choose between sushi and Chinese, and spaghetti.The key for me is the BBQ.  When I had my company offices located a block away, I ate at Richmond Court at least once a week for a decade, but now I have to plan a stop with other errands.  They always have the BBQ treat hanging in the glass cabinet at the entrance, but on certain days...Today was that day:  The crispy skin Roast Pork had just come in.  Succulent and tender, crisp and salty, it is worth it to be there on the correct day of the week (it changes).  A 2 or 3 combination of meats on a bed of rice for about $10.  I can never finish the rice.The service during the lunch hour is fast.  They churn through the patrons as fast as the kitchen can serve up the goods.  And good it is!On the way out, you can pick up some of the Chinese baked goods at the front of the store.  I recommend the Coconut Cream Buns!  But they don't make pizza--yet...
Some many good wing joints, and this is trailing the pack.  These wings looked quite anorexic. At least you are buying by the pound, so you just have to contend with paying for a lot more bones.I had the Lemon Pepper wings, which turned out overcooked, dark and crisp on the outside, and still had a little moisture left inside.  It's been a while since I was in a St Louis', so I'm not sure if it is just this location, or if they are all moving to mini wings...
A $7.95 lunch special with a bucket of Pho ( glad I didn't order the "large") and a couple of the best spring rolls I have ever tasted! I haven't been here in about 8 years, and it looks exactly the same, but it is still a really decent place for lunch.
What could be better than a mess of sweet King Crab legs, soaked in a garlicky, spicy savoury sauce and served in a plastic bag?  Not much. But toss a few moist red skin potatoes into the sauce and you have a feast.Of course there is a lot more than just crab legs.  It gets down to a variety of seafood selections, varied sauce options, and a selection of add-ins and side dishes.  It's all so tough to choose.Just order something, put on the bib and plastic gloves and dig in!
I had not been here for several years.  I came in for a quick lunch, and a chance to update my viewpoint.The restaurant was half full just after the lunch rush had ended.  I noticed a new menu focussing on the noodle dishes.  I defaulted to my classic choice-Shrimp Wonton Noodle Soup.My lunch arrived within 3 MINUTES, steaming, and delicious.  4 golf ball sized wontons crammed with fresh, crisp shrimp sat on a bed of fresh noodles and broth.  The dish is so fresh, no matter how slow I ate, the noodles would never have turned soggy.I hate winter, but this soup makes winter bearable.  I can't wait for winter, I'll be spending a lot of lunches here!
This is not your typical McDonald's! I walked in and discovered a very different look.  Was I in the right place?McDonald's in revealing its new floor plan, in a more compact footprint.  Instead of the long counter, there is a narrow order station, and a separate pickup area.  They are using the number system for better order control.  Even the drive through is not familiar to me--it is "tandem" instead of having two lanes clumsily converge into one.Fresh, Euro-orderly, and it has free wifi!  I think it works.  My Big Breakfast Combo was the best I've had at any McD's.  Don't get me wrong-this isn't my beloved 5-star Eggs Benedict at the Grand Hyatt, but is certainly worth 5 stars in comparison with it's segment competition!
You would never know that one restaurant had closed and a new one opened by the interior.  But I noticed a new sign and stopped in for lunch. I had a noodle soup dish, and like the old place, it was just as good. I need to come back and try a few more dishes, there might be some new items that will get my attention. Service is fast, they make the effort to communicate the menu options, and the servers remain attentive. As winter approaches, I can see a lot more visits in my future.  I'll update in any new dishes I discover.
Deceptively small looking from the outside, Restoran Malaysia is really massive inside.  I stopped in for lunch with an associate who recommended the place.  The variety of dishes is incredible, and I had trouble deciding.  The staff is eager to accommodate your preferred level of spice, which is always a good thing.Between the delicious Basil Shrimp lunch special, a red bean shake and the coconut rice desert, I left stuffed.  But not after admiring the dishes passing me on their way to other diners.  I will be back!
Still excellent after all these years!  I used to eat here at least once per week when my office was in Richmond Hill.  I even had Akasaka cater a couple of my business events.  Is it rude that the host (me) ate most of the sushi I had ordered for my guests?Recently, I wound up spending more time in RH, and one day my craving for sushi got the best of me.  I stopped in for lunch and found my favourite Executive Sushi combo was still on the menu.  In fact, not a lot had changed--still a few teppan tables with artistic chefs, a sushi bar, tatami rooms, and a nice field of tables, all tastefully done.  This is a classier than most place for a nice business lunch.I was greeted by waitresses that knew me from over 5 years ago.  There is a lot to be said for a restaurant that has low staff turnover.  I was quickly seated, and ordered my sushi combo.  After 5 years, the quality had not slipped a bit.  The sushi was thick, generous and fresh.   The Rainbow Roll was one of the best I have had in a long time.  With the flavourful Miso soup and Asian salad, it was a completely enjoyable meal.Chef David Chung still has the chops, and keeps my attention.  And continues to hold my tastebuds hostage...
I want to give this place a 4 star only for the beef 7 dishes, it's the only dishes that are good.  We've tried quite a number of their noodle soups and they are not good.  We still go back here only for the beef 7 dish!  Sit away from the window and entrance door area in the winter as it's so cold there maybe the heat is not well circulated in that area.
The service was excellent, our server was very attentive and great sense of humour!  The atmosphere and decor is beautiful.  The food was alright, nothing too special.  We had few appetizers, pasta, burgers, meat dishes and they were all mediocre.  The BEST though ironically is the free bread and dip, it is absolutely delicious we always ask for more and they keep bringing more and more!It's a place I would go back but maybe once or twice a year.
I LOVE this place.  It never disappoints here.  The soup is always hot, staffs are so friendly, food is excellent and the food arrives within 1-2 minutes of ordering.  You can't get that anywhere else!I always order the shrimp wontons on its own since I'm not a fan of noodles and side dish of vegetables.  We go here quite often!
I really want to give this place higher ratings because our server was just soooo nice (she may possibly be the owner?).  The photos of the ramen looks very delicious but the reality of it is contrary and I really should have listened to one of the other Yelp reviewer Tracy T. about this place tasting Chinese.  It's true, the ramen tastes so Chinese, and the spring egg was too overcooked as shown in my photos.  I haven't been so upset leaving a restaurant in disappointment because we are trying very hard to watch what we eat now so it's so disappointing when you try something new and waste your quota on things not worth the calories! My husband ordered the creamy broth pork ramen and it tasted like watered down milk broth lacking in taste and salt.  My spicy ramen was only spicy and lacked in salt and flavour and all I could have tasted was just spicyness.  It was such a huge disappointment for both of us.  Our two bowls of ramen took about 20 minutes to arrive which on a Saturday half full occupancy during lunch is really not acceptable.  The spring eggs were total fail as it was overcooked and those who are ramen connoisseurs will have to agree this is not acceptable.
This place is really just okay to me.  We went here for my BF's birthday.  The decor and ambience of this place is excellent.  The food was good only for the first few rounds...some of the meats were either too way too salty or blend.  No happy medium.  The best was the sirloin, a def must try.  Prior to coming here, everyone raved about the grilled pineapple and so my BF and I were so excited to finally try it.  Maybe we have different tastes than others out there but the pineapple wasn't good.  It was way too sweet (sweetener with sugar) and the cinnamon on it didn't go too well for us.For the price, I would rather spend my money on a steak house.  I would go back with friends who haven't tried it before only for the experience.
I found this restaurant on Yelp and the photos convinced me to bring my family here. We were very pleased with the food and would go back again and watch out as the portions are very big!We ordered:-satay beef noodle soup: very savoury, lots of beef slices very tender and fresh, lots of peanuts. -beef curry with roti: a few potato cubes and the entire bowl was filled with lots of beef. Do watch out though as some of the thicker pieces of beef were not fully cooked where it was real pink and I could t eat it while being pregnant. Flavour was very authentic curry. -chicken and beef satay skewers: chicken very tender, beef cooked to medium so again I wasn't able to eat it while being pregnant but both were flavourful with hint of curry/satay. -pineapple fried rice: my husband loves to order this dish wherever he goes and he was very happy with it. There were bits of peanuts, shrimps, chicken and flavourful. Definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to have Vietnamese food and has a big appetite as their portions are so huge.
My favourite hot pot place of all times!  We have been going here for about 5 years and this place never disappoints.  Not sure why some reviewers are saying poor service but perhaps they could comment and elaborate further?  We have always had impeccable service here, every single time and let me tell you I can't even count how many times I came here during my 9 months pregnancy cravings here almost every night.I love all the condiments from this place, you can refer to my photo for the crazy mixing of sauces I love to throw into the mix; garlic, ginger, hoisin sauce, satay sauce, green onion, parsley, red onions, chilli pepper.  A few must orders for me here are their cuttlefish balls, fish balls, tripes, baby squid, fried bean curd balls (my absolute favourite), nappa, Chinese lettuce, udon.  I always get the satay soup base and the parsley and thousand year old egg.The one advice when coming here is to don't wear your fancy clothes as you will smell fishy after dining here.  The price is very affordable especially comparing to other AYCE hot pots but this place is better because they offer a lot more condiments than most other places.
It may be an eventual fact that this chain will close in the future.  At least I hope that it will during my lifetime because they have proven over and over again how it has failed my already low expectations for it. We came here on the weekend for my sister-in-law's birthday as the yearly tradition.  This time the straw that broke the camel's back was a hair found in the popcorn chicken.  We brought it to the attention of our server and while they did replace us with a new batch but it was without an apology.  The worst was they still charged us for it or the least a pathetic discount.  This sort of act was as if it's a norm for patrons to find hairs in their foods it's ridiculous. This is the last time me and my circle of network will ever give our business to.  Please stay away.
Definitely good quality seafood.  Crab was very fresh and good as per my family since I couldn't eat it due to allergy.  Their lobster was very fresh and tasty.  Their maggi style lobster was more sweeter and saltier than Fisherman Clubhouse. Went here with my family of 5 including myself, hefty price for about $700 just for crab and lobster for us 5 but you get 10% off I believe if you pay cash.  We would probably go back once in awhile but Fisherman Clubhouse still my family's favourite.
Are here two times and both experiences were below expectations especially compared to their downtown location.  We ordered their pad Thai and it was poorly made, overly wet with too much runny sauce, noodles were overlooked, flavour was bland.  The biggest disappointment is there satay beef skewers, this was my favour and a must order for appetizer everytime I visited this restaurant downtown.  But this location over cooked it, the beef was chewy and tough. We made reservations prior to dining there for the second time for me to give it a second chance.  The restaurant was busy during my second visit but not enough nor good enough reason for inattentive staff to be standing around chatting amongst each other and missing our waves.  Tables around me were getting noticeably upset and annoyed, as was I.Won't be visiting again, this used to be my favourite Thai restaurant and for those that may have read my Bloor street location review may have noted that I've visited this restaurant over 30 times there.  But this has been a very very disappointing location.
We ordered four shareable plates.  The naked mozzarella, the bomba burrata, the osso bucco bites and zucchini fritti.  All were good but the naked mozzarella, served with sea salt, tomato jam and crostini was by far my favourite.  I enjoyed it much more than the Bomba Burrata because those other bold flavors competed with taste of the mozzarella which is and should be the star of the show.  The zucchini fritti was tasty but a little on the oily side for me.  The osso bucco bites were good.  I would most definitely order the naked mozzarella again and would probably try other dishes instead of the other three listed in this review for variety.
I love the new space.  It has a great patio and great ambiance.  Very cozy inside as well.  The service is consistently good and they usually cook my steak perfectly the first time.  The downside is that the green salad was boring (the green salad with shredded cheese which they used to serve was much better in my view) and the cocktails taste watered down for my liking.
I have to start by saying that this review would have been 5 stars if not for the service. I had a craving for Indian food tonight so on the strength of Kris U.'s review, we decided to try Bombay's Chutney.  The restaurant was not busy when we arrived but it still took some time for one of the waitresses to come by and take our order.  After waiting over 30 minutes and still not receiving our beef samosa's (and watching take out customers get served before us), we decided to pay for our flat beer and leave. The owner/manager was, at this point, serving take out customers. Prior to that time, there were two inexperienced waitresses serving all the sit down and take-out customers on what had become a busy night. The manager begged us to stay and promised that the food was ready. We decided to stay and about 5 minutes later were rewarded with lukewarm beef samosas (which were actually tasty but would have been delicious if they had been hot).  We then waited another 15 minutes for our main courses despite being told that everything was ready 20 minutes before then. We were getting up to leave a second time after seeing yet more take out orders being filled before ours when the manager finally brought out our food. I will admit it - It was all very good. The garlic naan was huge and served hot. The shrimp vindaloo was an explosion of flavour and the perfect combination of heat and spice. The chicken tikka masala contained tender white meat in a mild and very flavourful sauce.  The kachoomar salad was awesome.  Very fresh and crunchy with a delicious light lemon mint dressing.  It was the perfect accompaniment to the spicy dishes. Although we were ultimately served great good, the entire experience was very frustrating and disappointing. The manager did not find our frustration worthy of any sort of discount and excused the entire experience with the words: "good Indian food takes time. Look at all the take out customers waiting. They all know the food is good". We left with him promising to "take care of us next time". Yeah right.  I think "take care" means something different to him as it does to us. As much as I liked the food, I can't see myself rewarding this establishment with my business again in the future given the service and attitude we experienced. Even giving them my take out business would make me hate myself a little (ok, maybe a lot). The search for a great Indian restaurant in Richmond Hill continues...
I used to really love this place and frequented it often but I have recently grown disenchanted.  While the food is fresh and good, I am consistently disappointed by the service.  Perhaps it is a cultural divide but I find the servers to be unfriendly if not out right rude.
My family comes to Mr. Congee for the garlic silverfish lobster (which is amazing and reasonably priced) and for the Peking Duck (served two ways) which is my father's favourite.  We do not go for the service!  You have to adjust your expectations about the service at this restaurant.   It feels like you are in the middle of Grand Central Station with the servers yelling to each other throughout the entire restaurant.  In my experience, the servers are generally too rushed and too busy to waste their time on my table and in the 7-8 times that I have been here, I have never had a friendly server.  However, the location is close to home, the price is right and the food is good (and is served relatively quickly) so we keep coming back.  They do take reservations for parties of 5 or more.
I really enjoyed the Peranakan curry fish and the chilli chicken.  The Indonesian friend rice (with chicken and shrimp) was too bland for my taste and just ok.  The Fried Banana with coconut ice-cream was also good but not outstanding.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  I would go back but will read past reviews beforehand to get a better idea of what to order next time.
Yang's does their dim sum very well, I'm no dim sum expert but I have eaten enough of it (both expensive and cheap) to know that these guys know what they are doing and try to put a little twist on traditional dishes. I came here recently with family for lunch and we ordered a bunch of dishes, the standouts were: Har Gow and Siu Mai: were so plump and juicy, they reminded me of why this is a dim sum stapleTurnip cake with pork: so soft it practically melted in my mouth and the pork added a nice meaty flavourSeveral types of sticky dough dumplings (not sure what they are called): one was filled with veggies and nuts which added a nice crunch, I really enjoyed those dumplings, they were perfectly cooked. We also had some that were filled with sweet rice, those were A-OK. Chicken feet: not the best I have ever had but certainly some of the biggest; those must have been some monstrous chickens they got them from. Fried ribs: The BEST I have ever had, so big and meaty, perfectly crispy without being too dry. These were so good we had to order a second helping. Egg tarts: we had to wait 20 minutes for these, but they came to the table hot out of the oven, the dough was perfectly flaky and the inside warm making these possibly the best egg tarts I have ever had. All the other dishes we had were also well done; everything came to our table hot. The restaurant itself is quite nice, has a modern western feel not the Chinese banquet hall feel that is so common to many dim sum places in Markham-Richmond Hill. The service seemed pretty prompt and friendly all though I did not have much interaction with the waiters as I was not in charge of the ordering. I will likely return to Yang's for dim sum in the future as I can safely say it is some of the best dim sum I have ever had.
Omei OH MY! What a lobster feast! A group of us 12 yelpers recently came here for a lobster dinner set up by our yelp leader Jennifer K. Our menu for the night consisted of 2 lobsters, each about the size of a small toddler. Before their immanent demise the lobsters were paraded onto our table, creating some amusing photo-ops for us yelpers, this did not last too long as they were swiftly taken away to meet their fate. These bad boys were cooked 5 ways for us. - Steamed lobster in the shell with scallions and garlic was my favourite dish of the night. Although a little more simple than the other dishes I found it really brought out the taste of the lobster. The scallions added a nice sharp taste but this dish truly allowed the lobster to be the star. The lobster was steamed to perfection and the bed of vermicelli it was served on soaked up all the lobster flavour; the vermicelli was to die for! -  Stir fried with Maggie sauce showcased the giant claws and head of the mammoth lobsters, while one yelper opted for the head I dug into the claw which was meaty, perfectly tender and complimented well by the slightly sweet sauce. This was a nice dish. - Deep fried lobster proved difficult to eat, but the hard work was certainly warranted as the breading was not too thick and the dish was nicely fried without being greasy. Another winner. - Fried rice with lobster brains was probably my least favourite lobster dish of the night. I found the rice a tad dry, and the brains didn't really add too much of a lobster taste. - Last lobster dish to come out was a steamed egg custard with more lobster brains. What is with all the brains? Is this supposed to make me smarter? The custard had a great texture and was complimented well by the strong, slightly salty taste of the lobster brain. This was a surprise hit for me. In addition to lobster we also order a couple of green veggie dishes and sweet and sour pork, both these dishes were pretty standard, I suppose one needs some greenery when devouring so much lobster. Our meal was also served with some complimentary desserts my favourite of which was the mango mochi, great fresh mango flavour with a nice chewy texture. 2 dessert soups I tried but I did not enjoy, the one with taro was especially offensive (taro for dessert, now I've seen it all). The restaurant itself had a pretty standard Chinese décor, the tables were packed in tight, and it was pretty loud in there. It was great to see all the giant lobsters and king crabs being taken to everybody's table, it certainly makes for a great show. The service seemed good, and the owner kept checking on us to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. I will definitely be back to Omei for some lobster; it is certainly a better and cheaper option for lobster than some western restaurants.
Ever wondered what east african-portugese fusion would taste like? Ya either have I, but nandos proves that it is delicious. Nandos is flame grilled chicken served with a peri peri sauce (a sauce made with African bird`s eye chili). The grilled chicken has a nice smokey flavour but what really elevates it is the sauce. They have sauces ranging from mild to extra hot. I usually go for the hot which has a nice lemony taste with a good kick from the chili. The sides are pretty standard (rice, salad, fries) I am a fan of their rice, and the peri fries are also quite good. My only knock against the food is that their portions are rather small, so if you have a big appetite like me go for the half chicken with 2 sides or a double leg dinner. The place is very casual, you order at the counter, seat yourself and your food is brought to you once it is ready. They price is reasonable, you will end up spending 10-15 dollars depending on how much chicken and how many sides you wish to have. The restaurant itself is quite clean and modern looking (they had renovations done last year) and they have a few locations throughout the GTA. This place is definitely a good alternative to swiss chalet or any dirty bird franchise around.
There are 4 things you must have to run a successful sports bar/wing joint, you need good food, hot waitresses, cold beer and lots of TV's and this place hits on all points. When I need a chicken wing fix this is the place I head to, with over 100 flavours they will have something for everybody. Their wings are quite plump, lightly breaded and fried to crisp perfection, while remaining nice and juicy on the inside. Some of my favourite flavours include "Wings Gone Wicked" (Creole mustard and hot sauce), "Pandora's Bomb" (Sweet chilli Thai and hot sauce) and "Caesar Does Texas" (Chipotle and Caesar/parmesan). For those who like their wings more simple this place also has your basic honey garlic, mild, medium and hot but it would be a sin to go here and not experiment a little. The fries here are very thick and quite good also. They have other things like burgers on the menu but I have never tried them. This place is huge (located in an old East Side Mario's), there are big screen TV's everywhere and even TV's in every booth. The servers are not just there for their looks, they are actually quite friendly (but guys seriously if you take your girlfriend here you better be good at sneaking quick peeks otherwise be ready for a fight). The menu doesn't have descriptions of the flavours so don't be afraid to ask your server about them or for suggestions, in my experience they are always happy to help. The beer selection leaves a lot to be desires as they only have your basic Molson beers and nothing from a small local brewery. This place draws in an eclectic crowd, everything from families enjoying dinner together to guys coming out to watch the game, this place is always buzzing! Overall it is one of my favourite places in the area and hands down my favourite place to get wings in all of Toronto.
I have become something of a regular at Ho Shin Tang, their execution and consistency is what keeps me coming back. I have tried a vast array of Korean staples at this place and the only thing I found disappointing was the soon tofu (it was pretty bland, definitely far from the best I've had). However everything else I've ever tried here has been pretty delicious. They make a good kamjatang (pork bone soup), but my personal favourite here is the Kimchi-chi gae which comes loaded with kimchi, pork, tofu and clear noodles. Be careful when asking for your soup/dish spicy, I did this with my kimchi-chi gae and they loaded it with red chillies, it was delicious but also slightly painful (and I'm no slouch when it comes to handling my spice). The banchan here is consistently good and always made with care (they give you about 4-5 varieties), don't be shy to ask for more banchan as they are always happy to refill these side dishes. The place itself is super clean, fairly modern in décor, the service is better than most Korean places, and the wait staff is always happy and courteous. Our food always comes out fast, even if the place is busy. I will continue to return to Ho Shin Tang and would definitely recommend it for your next Korean craving.
Writing this review really saddens me since there was a time when I though Archibald's was an awesome pub. I recently went here to have dinner after about a 2-3 year absence and it simply wasn't what I remember. For dinner I ordered the chicken souvlaki pita with a side Greek salad. The pita was ok but nothing special, the chicken was nicely seasoned but a tad dry, the pita it was served on was store bought and the tzatziki was lacking the garlic kick. The side Greek salad was run of the mill, the only upside was that it was served with a big hunk of feta, being a fan of cheese I enjoyed this. The bar does have a lot of taps but they are big name brands only, with the closest thing to a craft beer being Granville Island. When I inquired about their bottled beers the waitress said they had quite a few which got me excited. When I asked to see the list of bottled beers I was told there wasn't one, when I asked if they had anything from a local brewery I was told no, tisk tisk! (I did see a steam whistle sign while walking out which last time I checked was a local brewery, I hate being misinformed! However a bottle list would certainly go a long way)/  The place itself is an average bar with a few TV's, a pool table and a couple of video games, so one could kill some time here. The service was adequate but not overwhelming. I did notice that they had a couple of traditional British items on the menu (i.e. steak and kidney pie) and if I return I will give one of these a shot. Another positive is that they do have daily specials (wing night, nacho night etc). If you are in the area this maybe your best bet for a bar if you want to avoid a chain restaurant however I would not go out of my way to come here. *2.5 stars for Richmond Hill's first pub
In a sea of mediocre AYCE sushi joints in the GTA Tomo seems to be a bit of a rarity; an a la carte sushi restaurant that clearly put an emphasis on presentation and freshness. I recently came here on a Sunday night and was thoroughly impressed. I tried 5 dishes: Edamame ($6), Beef sashimi appetizer ($11), 5pc Salmon sashimi ($10), 5pc white tuna sashimi ($10), and a spider roll ($10). My favourite dish was the beef sashimi; the beef was so tender, served with a light ponzu sauce that did not overwhelm the natural taste of the meat and green onion for some sharp flavour, the beef slices practically melted in my mouth. The salmon and tuna sashimi were cut into thick pieces and were clearly very fresh, they were absolutely delicious. The spider roll was the biggest disappointment of the night, the soft-shell crab had a thick batter on it which was a little too heavy and overpowered the crab. This roll tasted like a roll you can get at most sushi restaurants however it was ridiculously big (more than twice the size of the tiny rolls one gets at AYCE joints). The size of the roll definitely justified the hefty price tag, the execution did not. The edamame was standard; you can't really screw up boiled soy beans. Our meal also came with a complimentary miso soup which was delicious, and surprisingly had some noodles in it which was a nice touch. The presentation of all our dishes was very nicely done. The restaurant is very sharp and modern looking; it was absolutely slammed on a Sunday night. The wait staff was attentive and checked up on us regularly. The bathrooms were absolutely immaculate, and even had mouthwash if you wanted to freshen up after your meal. I will definitely return to Tomo; however when I come back it will likely be for one of their lunch specials as the dinner menu is pretty pricey.
Adrak is a newcomer on the GTA Indian food scene; in two visits here this place shows promise but requires a little polish to reach glorious heights. I've tried the lunch thali and several dishes in a group setting for dinner. Off the bat I would definitely recommend dinner as I found lunch to be a bit overpriced and nowhere near as flavourful as the dinner dishes. Our large group arrived for dinner on a Saturday night and the place seemed to have a decent buzz. There is no doubt that the décor here is chic, upscale, and modern; perfectly straddling the line between East and West. Our group of 6 decided to order one dish each so we could taste a few things. My favourite dishes were the Malai Kofta and the Baingan Bharta. The Malai Kofta was perfectly creamy, with a rich sauce and great nutty flavours from the dumplings. The baingan was out of this world good, great smokiness from the eggplant with a nice kick from the spices. Chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo where good but not great, the lamb while quite spicy was a bit greasy. The Punjabi daal makhni (spiced lentil dish) was not good, pretty bland and definitely my least favourite dish on the night. It is important to note that each dish is available in 4 spice levels so one can adjust to their tolerance. The price was slightly higher than what I'm used to at similar establishments but the larger portions and astounding ambiance justify this. The service was, in a word, clumsy. What our server lacked in finesse he certainly made up for in persistence, constantly asking if we wanted alcohol and being seemingly disappointed that the answer was a unanimous "no." However he soon moved from alcohol to dessert only to be dismayed that we were simply here for dinner. Although I appreciate that he has to try and push alcohol and dessert as that's where the real profit margin is, some training about how to do this properly needs to be implemented. Despite the few bumps along the way (and the proclamation that our waiter hates eggplant, after we ordered an eggplant dish) the service was efficient and attentive. They also have an extensive cocktail menu and in house "mixologist" which is a nice touch. Overall will I be back, probably in the distant future but this place certainly has promise as long as they can iron out the kinks. *Our one Gluten free diner was attended to by the chef and proper accommodations were made with ease
Caffe Demetre you had me at Nutella Ice Cream! Remember those days when your parents wouldn't let you skip eating your veggies and go straight to dessert? Well if you're ever in the mood to rebel against your parents head to Caffe Demetre where you can go straight to dessert... dessert heaven that is!  This place has a dessert menu that would make any sugar junkies head spin. They have crepes, waffles, sundaes, cakes, pies, fancy coffees (iced and hot), so basically everything your inner child desires. My personal favourites are their waffles; freshly made Belgian waffles topped with ice cream and assorted toppings (everything from fruit to brownies). You can choose to have one of their pre-conceived combinations or you can feel free to design your own. The waffles themselves are crispy on the outside but beautifully fluffy inside. My personal favourite is their rusty pelican (nutella ice cream, chocolate sauce, and nuts) mmmm I want one now! I've also had their sundaes which are HUGE too and also quite decadent. I believe they make their ice cream in house and they do have some intriguing flavours (my favourite is the nutella; I'm dying to go back and try the peanut butter). With their sundaes and crepes you can choose a pre-set combination or design your own. All their desserts will run you around $8-10 dollars and are well worth it as they are delicious and quite large. This particular location has a pretty large patio, and is quite bright and clean on the inside. You cannot beat the location (404 and 7), and this is a great place to go after dinner or simply if you are craving something sinfully sweet. Service has always been good at this location and I will definitely keep coming back!
A Richmond Hill institution! If you've ever lived in Richmond Hill then you have likely visited Abruzzo Pizza on a few occasions (if you haven't well just hang your head in shame!). This place is a local landmark that should have any pizza chain trembling in fear. I recently decided to go back to Abruzzo for the first time in a while (I now live in Scarborough) and this place is just as good as I remember. A slice of vegetarian pizza ($3.50) was very good; thin and crispy crust with a copious amount of cheese and lots of veggies made for a great lunch. This place also makes great veal and chicken parm sandwiches, they are quite large and topped with your choice of veggies (be sure to add the hot peppers which pack quite the punch), at around $7.00 you can not beat that value, pair it with a brio and you are in Italian heaven! This is mostly a take out place but there is a small seating area. At lunch it is steady but can get quite busy in the evening. In the evening it's always nice to see their fleet of drivers playing cards and chatting, it gives the place a homey feel. The restaurant itself is modest, and quite frankly looks like a place Tony Soprano would hang out. This place is certainly a breath of fresh air from the chains that litter suburbia.
I must admit that if I were to open a dessert place my first choice for a name would not be "health herb harmony" but alas this place specializes in Chinese desserts which is a world where the term "healthy dessert" is not an oxymoron but a sad reality.A few of us yelpers came here after an elite event for a late night snack. Being in a big group I did get to try a few of their desserts and I did enjoy most of them. For my self I ordered the glutinous rice balls, one of my favourite Chinese desserts. The rice balls were quite big and draped with a generous portion of peanuts, they were pretty delicious. The dish that surprised me most was the tofu dessert which was very silky, and had a great texture. The tofu was served with some syrup to make it sweet; I would definitely order this again. If you look in the far end of this restaurant you will see a giant gold contraption that looks like it could house a genie, this is used to make turtle essence jelly which I believe this place specializes in. I gave the turtle jelly a try, I've had the dish before and have never been a fan, it is way too bitter for my palate and the copious amount of fruit it is served with is still not enough to balance it out. However this version of turtle essence was less bitter than the previous ones I've had.  The restaurant itself is quite modest, and would be a good place to come post dinner for a light dessert. The menu has a wide range of items that includes a selection of bubble teas. If you are a novice to the world of Chinese dessert than you will likely require an Asian friend to help you out. All in all I had a pleasant experience, I would not go out of my way to come here but if I were in the area I might pop in for some tofu dessert (I never thought in a million years that I would utter those words).
This is the newest location for Nak Won; I visited here with a friend to satisfy my craving for some gamjatang (Pork bone soup). This location is much nicer and more spacious than the location at Yonge & Finch. The décor is modern and clean. The restaurant is quite open with booth seating along the walls and regular tables in the middle, there are also some more private booths towards the back. We were here on a Tuesday evening, the restaurant was about half full and we were seating very quickly. The menu offers an extensive selection of Korean dishes along with a few Japanese and Chinese dishes. For my dinner I ordered the gamjatang (Pork bone soup) but sadly I was disappointed by the bowl that was placed in front of me. My disappointment stemmed from the fact that the pieces of pork in my soup were quite small and not as meaty as I am used to. The meat in my soup was more fatty than usual, I generally struggle to finish a bowl of PBS but I finished this one no problem and had room to spare. Aside from the small portion the broth was pretty good; it had a nice kick to it and was garnished with plenty of sesame seeds which are always a welcome addition. A bonus was that this location serves purple rice which added a different flavour than I am used to; it was a nice deviation from the norm. My friend and I also shared a kalbi (Beef short ribs) appetizer; again the portion was miniscule and came with maybe 5 pieces of beef. The ribs were not very tender; I would recommend you skip these as the $8 price tag is not justified for such a small portion. My friend ordered the beef bibimbap which I tried and it was pretty good. The best part of our meal was the banchan (complimentary side dishes) our table was loaded up with about 10 of these side dishes, my favourite included the fish cake, seaweed with spicy sauce (the spicy sauce was AMAZING), the glass noodles and of course the kimchi but overall the entire selection of banchan was well done.The service on this night was a little bit slow; each table is equipped with a bell to summon the waiters however on a couple of occasions our bell was not answered. Other than that the waitress actually spoke English and was very courteous. Overall if I had to go to Nak Won this would be my branch of choice but I don't think I will be rushing back any time soon.
The spring rolls here are THE BEST. Very crispy and I've very tasted anything like it! It's a must order! The broth for the pho is very unique. Unlike other Vietnamese restaurants, the broth here is very tasty indeed and can clearly taste there is no msg. Grilled chicken on rice vermicelli salad bowl. The vermicelli used is very different. Not too thin, but not the thick type either. Never had any vermicelli like it.The pad thai like any other pad thai, is pretty average. Also tried the curry, nothing very special about it. Very watery and not much meat in it. I found half a tomato in the curry which took up half the space. The portions are very tiny, not very full even when ordering 5 meals for 4 people. Very tiny restaurant with a very long wait for a table. I think the only thing that makes this place 4 stars is the spring rolls and the broth.
Their lunch sizzling plates are priced at $10.99 and they include 2 crawfish, 2 shrimps, 2 mussels, 2 clams, either chicken or fish, and a side of rice or udon (+$1). You can also choose the sauce and level of spicyness. I didn't expect so much variety for only $11!!However, what I dislike about these plates is that they are extremely oily. At least 0.5 cm of oil at the bottom. I always tell them to use less oil but it's always the same amount. The portions aren't huge, but I can never finish a plate because the oil makes the food very heavy and unappetizing. I understand that the oil helps the food to not stick to the sizzling plate, but I know that even if way less oil is used, the food will not stick. I also tried the newly launched lobster roll, lobster bisque, and fries combo for $15. The lobster used is very fresh and there are quite a few pieces in the roll! The lobster bisque is just average. Not much lobster taste, more on the watery side. The fries used here is much like the fries sold at Costco's food court! Very crunchy and fresh!!The service here is excellent! The servers are very friendly and helpful. They always check if you're satisfied and if you need anything else. 2/5 - lunch sizzling plates 4/5 - lobster roll 5/5 - service
Recently found out about this place and it's definitely one of my go-to's for sushi! A huge portion for a decent price! Lots of variety for sushi and the quality of the food is great! For lunch, they serve miso soup, salad, and japchae (glass noodles) in addition to what you order. For dinner, they also serve the above, but also salmon head and ice cream for the same price . We (4 people) usually order the love boat for 2 people and one maki roll. There is always more than enough. The server (usually a Korean woman) doesn't really understand English and is pretty rude, hence, 4 stars.
Came here on a Monday lunch and this place was packed! Waited around 10 mins for a table.Special beef pho noodles - Beef is very high quality, unlike other vietnamese restaurants. However, the broth has a lot of msg. The noodle portion is around average. Satay beef pho noodles - This tastes just like curry on top of the noodles, nothing special. The type of noodles used in this is the thicker rice noodles. More noodles than the one above. Pad thai - This should be called tomato fried pho noodles. Much like the one at congee queen, but sweeter. The ingredients used are descent quality, but authentic pad thai should not be cooked with tomato sauce. Overall 2/5 stars. Quality is good, but the taste is not the best. Not very authentic vietnamese food.
I've only been here twice for dinner only. My first experience (last year) wasn't the best. We had reserved a wintermelon soup a week before and on the day of, the manager told us that they had sold it to another customer. We were extremely disappointed. The food that night was fine, but because of that incident, the restaurant didn't leave us with the best impression. Last week we came back for another try. We reserved a king crab and a black sea bass. Thankfully this time they didn't give the seafood to someone else, but we requested for a crab of at least 10 pounds. The heaviest one they had was 8 pounds. Also, the quality of the ingredients used to cook the crab and fish weren't the best. The quality of the glass noodles used on the bottom of the crab was terrible - very shredded and not chewy at all. Paying around $50 per pound of crab, I would expect higher quality. We also ordered some Chinese veggies and requested them to be cooked using shrimp sauce. When it came, it was cooked with Chinese cheese sauce and the veggies were very tough and "old". The another problem here is parking. Majority of the parking in the parking lot is reserved for other businesses so it is super hard to find a spot for dim sum and dinner. I recommend parking at the Keg and walking over.
Please note this review is only about the viennoiseries. First time coming here as I wanted to try the new viennoiseries. The poster at the window says that they are baked fresh at 2pm daily, but when I got there at 2:05 pm, they were already cold and hard. Prices for the viennoiseries start at $2.75. The place was already filled with people eating high tea. Tried the double cheese croissant, ham and cheese danish, sausage croissant, and smoked salmon and spinach danish. Nothing special about them. All of them are not fluffy enough, way too firm.The double cheese croissant, just a croissant with some cheese on top and a tiny bit of cheese in the middle. The ham and cheese danish, again, not much cheese flavour. In the middle there is a very thin piece of ham, close to nothing.The sausage in the sausage croissant is very soft. Unlike the sausage buns in Chinese bakeries, the sausage used is the European type. However, the croissant itself is very soggy from the sausage. The smoked salmon and spinach danish was the worst. The danish is very soggy from all the water coming from the spinach. If you're looking to try tasty, fluffy, and fresh croissants and danishes, I would recommend Duo Patisserie, around the same price, but definitely better.
Food is average. Nothing really special. Very small portions for their prices; I wasn't full with a bowl of noodles. Hard to find parking. I wouldn't come back unless I was really starving.
Extremely understaffed. Takes around 35 mins to make the noodles.Noodles - Only 4 choices - ramen, glass noodles, udon, or rice. The ramen is very sticky (would stick to your teeth). Not authentic at all.Soup - No taste at all. All the soup bases taste the same.Toppings - Pick 2 of your choice, 3 pieces of each topping. Toppings were pretty good. The scallops were quite big and juicy, much better than expected. Presotea - I don't think they read the label of the order. I asked for no ice in my drink, turns out there's a lot of ice. My mom asked for less sweet, turns out it's extremely sweet.Chef Papa's is much better in terms of noodles, soup base, and service.
This is not a great place to go to if you're allergic to dairy and, like me, don't know that much about Indian food. It took the server and me many tries until we found a dish that we could eat (she wasn't too familiar with the dairy content of the dishes, either.) I ordered the lamb vindaloo which was very good, and my friend had the paneer makhni, which he loved and lorded over me for the entire meal, in its cheesy, creamy goodness.Atmosphere is casual but comfortable, service is friendly and prices are pretty good.Tasty, but will probably not return, due to the difficulty with ordering non-dairy stuff, which is generally not a problem in Indian restaurants.
Came here again last night, but tried some different things, thanks to Wayne's ability to read Chinese and his experience with hot pot.The handmade cuttlefish and fish fish balls were phenomenal. I normally dislike fish ball, but these ones were AMAZING. Just make sure they're cooked (floating on the top, and then some).  Also we had the hand cut beef, which is thicker than the regular beef they have, takes longer to cook and is incredibly tender and delicious!The desserts are also very  good. The mango tapioca is cold, and would be great in the summer, but all of us really enjoyed the taro tapioca, which is hot and rich.
This is the first time I've been to a Brazilian steakhouse, so technically, I haven't been to a better one, but I have had better meals.First of all, the good stuff. The place is absolutely beautiful. It's a great setting. we were able to secure the party room that comfortably seated our group of 18. Service - securing a reservation, the bar, the server, the gauchos, and everyone else - was excellent.My main problem was that it was really pricey for the quality. The meat was fine, but nothing blew me away. Most of it was cooked more than I would have liked. The sides (at an AYCE counter) were mostly salad, cold cuts, cold veggies and oddly enough, beef stroganoff and meatballs. (Would you like some meat on the side of all your meat?) I was hoping for more interesting sides.So all in all, everything about this place was completely en pointe except the food, but that's the main reason for going to a restaurant. I think the quality would have been acceptable at $30/pp rather than $45/pp, but it is what it is.
This spot is two blocks from my friend's place and is likely going to be our new hangout. I loved EVERYTHING here. The ambiance is comfortable and clean, the service is super friendly (Mandarin and English only) and the food blew me away. He picked two dishes and I picked two. Taiwanese cold noodles: peanutty, refreshing and savoury. I generally don't like cold noodles, but I might have to figure out this recipe for my next picnicCentury year old egg with tofu: sooo tasty. The tofu was silky, the sauce was savoury and I just love these eggs. The bonito flakes were a fantastic touchSpicy beef noodles with beef tendon: the subject of my obsession, I could eat this every day. We got the thick noodles, which had the perfect bite. Beef was good, soup was good, tendon was soft. Perfect. Fried dumplings: so good!! Perfectly cooked, juicy filling and the pastry was just right. The damage was about $30, not bad considering we had enough for two lunches the next day. I am going back soon, and I'm taking my incredibly picky family with me!
Hmm, odd that I've never reviewed this place despite the fact that I've been here half a dozen times, and once for a wedding.The food is very good and service is friendly. I've always left nearly sickeningly full. The only thing is, I don't know why they call it "fusion". It seems to only have quite typical Cantonese food here. The only problem is that parking is an absolute nightmare, not a lot of spots and I've heard that if you park at the nearby Moxie's lot, you get a ticket. The prices are more expensive than most places, but you do get what you pay for.
The price was right and the sushi was fine. The seating is pretty uncomfortable. This seems like more of a takeout place.
I went here for after work drinks on the patio. The patio is pretty good, relatively comfortable and somewhat shielded from the super winds up here. Some of my coworkers had food that they all seemed pretty happy with (steak salad, arugula salad, veggie spring rolls, tuna tartar and brownie). We all had margaritas (Tuesday special), and they were decent.The service was incredibly slow near the end, it took us a while to flag our server, then about half an hour to get our bill.
This place is great for lunch, arrive early to beat the rush.The salmon is of excellent quality, and they have a special salmon dinner with sushi and sashimi on Mondays.The rest of the sushi is very good quality and at an excellent price!
Despite all the terrible reviews, I still wanted to try this place out. My brother goes here all the time with his buddies and is kind of a food snob, so I figured we'd be safe.They have a few really great items, and a few meh items.The seafood thing really is a rip off. $5 extra per person for a plate of (1 per person) mussels, scallops, surf clam, salmon, white fish, oysters and a few shrimp. The surf clam was tough as rubber, and nothing really blew us away. The scallops were good, and I enjoyed the oysters, but that's about it.The hot and spicy soup was indeed hot and spicy, and the cilantro and preserved egg soup was nice and flavourful. I particularly enjoyed the beef brisket, spare ribs, lamb, and beef. Everything else was just fine, but not remarkable. Take a pass on the beef balls. They also had frozen soup dumplings, which are normally steamed. I've never boiled them before, and they really aren't the same when cooked this way. Service was very good, the food came quickly and empty plates were whisked away in seconds. The servers were very friendly and every single one wore a smile. The soup kept going down in temperature every time we put something in it, which was a bit of a drag. I'm sure they would have moved us to another table had we asked, but that was just too much effort for me.We ate until we were bursting, and then some. It was pretty good, but doesn't really hold a candle to the nearby Kim Tao Hot Pot in terms of selection of quality.
Oops, I came here a couple months ago and forgot to review.The food here was fine, but nothing special. Service was friendly and they had a decent selection. The only glitch was that their credit card machine was broken that day. Other than that, meh, it was fine, but I've had better.
This is a small Korean food mart. I basically know nothing about Korean food, so I basically walked the aisles and amused myself with the Engrish and cute cartoon laden products. I purchased a tub of snack-sized seaweed for $2, which I was super happy about. (update, less than a week later, the tub is almost empty)The place has a ton of stuff from confections, to groceries, to bowls and hot water holders.It might be a good spot to go to if you lived in the area, but not really someplace I'd travel to get to.
I was super happy with my meal here. We had the beef noodle soup, some dumplings (sorry can't be more specific) and this pork belly with garlic dish, that was very good.They were all really tasty. I had leftovers and they were tasty still! My buddy lives down the street, so I'm certain we'll be hitting this place again.
After looking at the great reviews here, I wanted to try Fresh burger out. It turned out to be amazingly close to my house and I was definitely not disappointed. The bun is perfectly toasted and fluffy. The beef patty was juicy and flavourful without being overly greasy. I just wished they put a bit more of their special sauce because it was so tasty! They also give you a lot of fries, which can be quite filling. However, I am not a big fan of their fries (personal preference). There are also a lot of condiments available.This little burger joint was packed during lunch hour, but most people do order take out. The menu here is simple but there is a selection of toppings you can add. We did have to wait a good 10-15 mins as everything is made to order.
We had received a $20 coupon in the mail so my family decided to try it for my parent's wedding anniversary. The decor looked like your typical chain restaurant, spacious seating with dim lighting. It restaurant focuses on a full italian menu and had a good selection. The meal started off with bread and olive oil. The bread was seasoned with spices and very flavourful, but was a tad salty. It was hot and soft, like it was fresh from the oven. We had ordered the Crab Arancini and the Antipasto board as our appetizers. The crab arancini are like fried risotto balls and it came out piping hot! It was crispy on the outside, and creamy on the inside. It was a perfect combination of textures. It came with a tomato pomodoro sauce and an aioli dip, which only added to the flavours of the dish. It was my favourite part of the meal. The antipasto board came with meats, cheeses, olives, grilled veggies and pieces of crostini bread. It had good variety and great to share. For our entrees, we ordered the special for the night, which was lasagne along with the mushroom risotto. The lasagne was a sizeable portion and each layer was filled with cheesy goodness. The tomato sauce was a good balance to the richness of the dish. The risotto, despite the poor presentation was very tasty. It was a tad undercooked in my opinion, but the flavour was good.Lastly, the server was very nice and had given a free ice-cream dessert to celebrate my parent's wedding anniversary. It was a very nice gesture by the restaurant. We had ordered everything to share, since we are not big eaters and the server was very accommodating. Despite being a little pricey, I would definitely come back again to try the pizzas and the fonduta fratcelli (cheese fondue).
I've been to shanghai dim sim on multiple occasions and I've always enjoyed the food here. I'll only review breakfast today.They offer a special before 11am and you can order some traditional Chinese breakfast items for $0.99 and a select menu for 20% off. There is your typical soybean milk (sweet/unsweetened), fried dough fritter, steamed buns etc. Their dough fritters are fried nice and crispy, without being too oily. You can tell they fry it fresh, because it always soft and piping hot. They soybean milk is the just the right amount of sweetness but I always have to ask it to make it hotter. The little wonton soup, is not your typical cantonese wonton soup. These are bite-sized wontons, with no shrimp filling but it is served in a seaweed/shrimp broth. It's a light dish meant to accompany your morning meal. There is glutinous rice filled with fried dough fritter and pork floss. The rice was sticky and soft and plenty of pork floss. It was a good ratio between rice and dough fritter as well. Lastly, I will definitely recommend the soup dumplings (xiao long bao). I believe this is one of the best I've had in gta/toronto. The dough wrapper is thin but still kept the delicious juices intact. Yum :)I've never had a problem with service, however I do speak cantonese and mandarin.
I was a little disappointed with Tomo as my friend really recommended this place.   However, the food was average and nothing really wowed me. We had ordered a sushi & sashimi set and the sugarmama roll. The sushi and sashimi set had your standard selection of fish but the cuts were not very good. It came with a refreshing salad that was a decent size and a small miso soup. The sugarmama roll was seared white tuna and spicy salmon. It was tasty but the piece of fish was small and thin. They gave us a complimentary crunchy noodle soup that was different than your average miso. Overall, the dishes lacked presentation and "colour". They had a bogo special on oysters that night for fanny bay and kuushi oysters. However, I didn't order any as my boyfriend doesn't really enjoy them. When I came in, it took the servers a while to decide where to sit us. They ended up talking to each other in korean and it became a little confusing for us. However, the lady who served us was really nice.
This is my first time at the new Magic Noodle location at Richmond Hill. This location is at least twice the size of the Midland and the wait is considerably less. The seats are also more spacious and comfortable as well. There is also bar seating near the wall, which is great for solo diners.Magic noodle is THE place to go for noodle soup. The noodles are made fresh and hand-pulled right in front of you. You can choose from different types of noodles and choose the thickness as well. I ordered the traditional lanzhou noodle with beef (蘭州牛肉面). The noodles are perfectly chewy (al dente) and the broth is sweet. You can even add more broth for free if you find yourself running low on soup! There is also a large selection of snacks and skewers available from from pancakes to cold dishes. For snacks, we had ordered the spicy pork lung and tripe. and the seaweed salad. Both dishes pair well with noodle soup and refreshing. As well, the skewers always come out hot and fresh. The tofu skewer is a favourite. The tofu crispy and it's slathered with a sweet chinese bbq sauce. The only flaw, is sometimes they put too much sauce and it can be overpowering. Lamb skewers are also another popular choice. The lamb is juicy and seasoned with plenty of spice, delicious! The service here is hit or miss. The restaurant gets so busy, the staff is always getting pulled left and right. It can be difficult to get the attention of the staff but understandable as the restaurant is packed. However, the food will keep bringing me back :)
I was excited to see that a new ramen place had open so close to where i lived. At the same time, I wasn't expecting much from the little ramen joint that were run by non-Japanese owners. I was quite skeptical but I decided to give it a try given the good reviews.I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of their ramen. My boyfriend and I order the spicy ramen level 2 and the curry katsu (fried pork cutlet) ramen. The ramen was thick and al dente and the bone broth was very flavourful. Their soft-boiled egg was perfect, it was well marinaded and the yolk was orange and gooey. The spicy ramen at level 2 had a good kick without overpowering everything. (However, i can take quite a bit of heat). What I loved about it, were the little dried shrimps that gave it another dimension of texture and flavour. The curry ramen came with a sizeable portion of pork cutlet, which was accompanied by its own katsu sauce. However, the curry broth was rich enough to accompany the pork as it is. I am very satisfied with Koi Sakana and definitely will be coming back to try the other dishes. Definitely excited that I don't have to travel all the way to downtown for a good bowl of ramen :)
Is was ok. With all the competition nearby you have to be extra special to win in the Sushi game.I found everything to be just ok-good.The sashimi donburi was decent but I found a muddy after taste with the snapper, the red tuna was a bit tough and overall the temp of the fish was a little too room temp for us.The shrimp tempura was low quality. The shrimp were tiny, same as you would find at AYCE. This is a cheap shortcut they shouldn't take as it affects not only the shrimp tempura app but also all rolls that have this ingredient.The salad needs a lot of work. The Cali roll was falling apart by the time it got home.Sorry just not good enough to get my repeat business.
Alright we kissed and made up... The mushroom soup is the best of its kind anywhere... Solid sashimi... Maybe I have to just get over the fact when I go there all sweaty after yoga these dudes aren't interested in providing me good service... Is that like yogi discrimination or what... Anyways all good.. Really a toss up between TOMO and MI-NE
Went there today with my son to try the poutine, also had a chocolate shake. It was amazing! Best poutine I've had in a while, great gravy, real cheese curds and home cut fries, incredible. Shake was very solid as well.Later that day I had a craving for a gyro so I went back there tonight with my wife for a quick gyro and vanilla shake.This is going to be very dangerous having this place 8 minutes from my house.
The Keg is so overrated. Went for a few drinks and apps last night, I'm over this restaurant. First they wanted to charge for a Keg sized vodka soda when we only received a single shot. Had the waitress change bill. All their apps are the same and deteriorating. Calamari over fried, over breaded and too expensive. Bacon scallops yada yada yada. It's all shit, but their "brand" is still bringing in the idiots who think this is good food. F**k them.
Where have I been the last 3 and half years? My kid and I just devoured a standard Margarita and a fried calamari and both were perfect. Best calamari in the area. Nice, thick, tender and crunchy with marinara and spicy mayo (not spicy at all though)- really good. The pizza- perfect crust, nice and thin, crispy and chewy. Sauce really tasty.Clearly I need to start coming back regularly.
This is still the número uno Italian option for this family. All their pizza and salads rock. I love the texture of the pizza crust, not too thick, not too thin, delivers very well and reheats beautifully. Don't get me started on the fried panzo, it's the best out there. The chicken wings are always done well, big and tasty. Very consistent joint.
What are you peeps talking about???!! I'm learning on yelp you have to be able to distinguish between yelpers who understand quality and those just looking for a deal.This place sucks and I'm really surprised with all the positive reviews. Must be yelpers who like the $30 love boat. However when I receive watery sashimi and sloppy rolls... I'm done. Decent service, no smiles... And what's with the jap chae with plastic chopsticks??!!! Impossible to eat.. Anyways I'm just about to get my free ice cream, so hopefully that's not a bust too.And btw as soon as this gui lau hits highway 7 chaos begins.. Not into fighting with terrible drivers looking for parking spots...First and last.Had to edit review...didn't get ice cream and almost tripped on door stop on way out...Done and doner.
Very good sushi. Going to this resto is a bit out of the way but it's well worth it. My old place was mi-ne... Not anymore. Food quality way better and service remarkably better. They have the best Shrimp Tempura and from what I had for lunch every piece of fish was fresh, nicely cut and very delicious. I don't get the bad reviews, must be customers looking for AYCE which really is trash wherever you go. Sushi for me is all about the quality of the fish not how much crap can be stuffed in a roll or how much you can eat for 19.99.We'll done Inatei!
If you are Gui Lau stay away from this place as there is discrimination big time.Tried to go for a bun at 2pm today, I was by myself. They sat me down, gave me a plastic cup with tea, everyone else in restaurant had a full pot. I ordered in less than a minute then watched 2 tables come in after me, and had to watch them both get their food before me. And who the hell in this day and age doesn't do takeout?Never again.
Sorry guys... Consistency issues... Pizza crust has been different each time we've picked up.Ordered the eggplant parm and it was inedible... Eggplant wasn't cooked....My advice... Try and standardize the pizza dough making process... It needs to not taste like cardboard.
Very solid establishment. For me, the best shrimp wonton soup in GTA/Toronto. Other successful dishes: yangchow fried rice, crispy skin chicken, spicy chicken with broccoli and chow mein with BBQ pork and bean sprouts. Service friendly, tea always hot ..
Considering you have to show up here at 8:50am to get a table they are down to one star. Not to mention no more discount on weekends. WTF do people line up for this cesspool?The har gau and shumai are massive which isn't a good thing.Banned.
I guess for a burger joint in Markham it's good. Can't touch the Priest or even 5 Guys for that matter. The burger was good, I couldn't decipher if the special sauce was plain mayo or actual sauce. This may be kind of picky but I really didn't like that they toast their bun, it tasted like it was toasted in the oven.... Not my thing... The fries tasted frozen even though I know they aren't, they had no colour and because there was a lack of caramelization there was almost no flavour.
These guys are slipping, fish has been lower quality, watery like it had just been defrosted last 2 times I picked up. Consistency is the key to success. MI-NE is winning this sushi war currently and it's not even close.
I was advised by a server that 90% of the dishes here are prepared with MSG. Clearly this is because the owner is Chinese and not Thai. News alert: Thai food if prepared properly has a ton of flavour and doesn't need f'n MSG.Banned.
The busier this place gets the worse the food becomes.Again i encountered really salty and over cooked curry, appetizer calamari and Medan chicken. I'm never going back. Some restaurants just take for granted the number of customers coming thru and quality of food suffers greatly. The beef in the wide noodles tasted bad, almost sour, surprised I didn't get sick from it.Adios Restoran..
Overall - 2.0/5.0Hotel lounge style environment with comfortable seating are the good things about this restaurant, but the rest goes downhill from there.A couple examples: Their siu mai dumplings were lacking in flavour and did not come out steaming hot as you would expect if it were in a traditional steamer. They were accompanied with some breaded scallops that were cold, soggy and overly salty from the sauce it was covered in. Their egg tarts had this stiff texture on the flakes of the crust that felt like it had been left standing for a while and reheated before it was brought out. The birds nest and pomelo added no value to the overall taste.This place tries to present themselves as an upscale restaurant serving up dim sum with a bit of modern flare but definitely failed on execution and overall food quality was subpar.Don't bother wasting your time at this place.
Overall - 2.5/5.0This new restaurant is situated right beside Fresh Burger. Seen a few good reviews so I decided to give it a shot.I ordered a bowl of pho to get a sense of where they are at amongst other joints around uptown. I chose dry noodles as it tends to be more chewy than fresh. However it was still borderline soft. The soup base was a bit too salty and oily as well. You can see the layer of oil on top and had a higher viscosity than usual as you scoop the soup. Toppings were just average and nothing to speak highly of.We also ordered the special Bun Bo Hue which had a better soup base than the pho but the noodles came out really undercooked. We had to send it back and have them make another one. The owners were nice but looked somewhat novice in terms of running a restaurant. They have quite a few things to iron out given that they just recently opened. Will I return? Probably not.
Overall - 3.0/5.0Run by Koreans, this Japanese restaurant has your standard offerings. We had the black dragon roll with sashimi and nigiri set. The roll was fairly decent - bbq eel was nicely prepared, the rice to filling ratio was on point and the rice was adequately seasoned with vinegar. The sashimi and nigiri was mediocre in terms of selection and quality.Service was polite and attentive quick though this was mostly due to the fact that there were only a few other tables occupied at the time.
Overall - 4.0/5.0Came to try this place as I was in the area before dinner and I am glad that I did. If you are looking to satisfy your cravings for some simple yet higher than average quality Japanese food with fair prices then this is the place to be.Oyaji Bento (Sashimi + Galbi + Tempura) - A great combination if you are looking for both Japanese and Korean BBQ Short Ribs. Portion size was very reasonable and everything was on point. The rice that accompanied the dish had a nice texture as well.Tataki Roll - The white tuna was fresh and tasty. Rice to filling ratio was perfect. However the rice could have been on the drier side so that the individual grains are still visible and intact.Service was friendly, attentive and efficient.
Rating - 3.0/5.0New Chinese dessert shop that opened just recently. The decor inside is very earthy with lots of plants and quite minimalistic. Service was very friendly and one of the owners even showed us some pictures of their various dessert offerings. We ordered the black sesame and steamed milk with egg whites. Both items were okay but found the black sesame a bit too sweet and liquidity for my liking. The steamed milk with egg white was silky smooth but could have had less water in their mixture so that it would hold up better.It's a bit out of the way for me so probably won't make a trip specifically to come here unless I happen to be in the area.
Overall - 3.0/5.0Was just alright. Not worth the long line up I must say. The skin on both the Chiu Chow dumpling and rice rolls were way too thick. The chicken feet was very large and flavourful. Everything else was just average.
Overall - 3.5/5.0Perfect place for a classic burger. The patty is grilled nicely with a slight crisp on the outside and juicy on the inside. Would prefer the burger sauce to have a bit more tart.
Overall - 4.0/5.0One of many locations that they own with this one being their flagship location. Perfect place for a quick lunch if you're looking for a simple yet very satisfying bowl of wonton, beef or fish ball noodle soup.
Overall - 3.5/5.0My favourite uptown spot for Thai curry dishes. Also can't go wrong with the BBQ Pork Neck appetizer! Service is also quick and courteous. The decor is also classy with various Thai elements and low lighting.Haven't tried any of the other rice or noodle dishes so I cannot vouch for it. Some folks may find their curry portions a bit small but I find it just great if you couple it with an appetizer or two.
Overall - 3.0/5.0Apparently they changed chefs since the first time I've been a long while back. After all the promotions and media tastings they have gone through I think they have made some improvements from the first time I have been.Shanghai Dim Sum (SDS) has been my go to spot so I will draw comparisons against Yu Garden (YG)Xiao Long Bao - There was quite a bit of soup, but it lacked flavour. The outer skin was a bit thicker as well. Winner: SDSGreen Onion Pancake - This was their best dish and was quite addictive. The pancake was aromatic and not too doughy. It was light and crispy on the outside. Winner: YGPan Fried Buns - Filling was flavourful and had lots of soup inside. Bottom was a bit too burnt unfortunately. Winner: TiedStir Fried Green Beans with Shrimp Paste and Minced Pork - This was quite tasty and flavourful. Recommended to eat with rice. On par with other stir fry dishes at SDS. Winner: TiedService was quite attentive. They would frequently come over to check on you and change your plates as well.I would give an edge to SDS as it is crucial to have an emphasis on the quality of the XLBs. But would definitely come back again to give their other dishes a try.
So my stomach is a fickle thing. Last night, it's all: "Oh no you're too full, put that curry crab down, you never want to see curry in your life." Then this morning, it's all "GET MORE CURRY CRAB NOW." I guess that's a testament to how good it was. Saigon Star was the setting for the 3rd event in the Asian Sensation CMYE series (Thanks for hosting Amy!) and I was able to meet some absolutely lovely people while we dug into a colourful Viet/Malay feast. Everyone keeps talking about the curry crab so naturally we got it but damn, $129 for two crabs!! You'd think these crabs were covered in gold. But no...just metaphorical liquid gold: in the form of delicious, delicious curry. Sop all that goodness up with some crispy buttery roti or buns. Gloves and clamps were provided. The clams were another highlight for me. We got the lime chili clams and the chili black bean sauce clams. Both were amazing. These were meaty clams, still in the shell, covered with some amazingly flavoured sauces. At $12 a plate, this is a much more affordable seafood alternative. The pineapple fried rice was actually kind of bland but it's served in a pineapple! Anything served in fruit is suddenly 10x more interesting. Speaking of fruit: avocado juice. GET IT. It's the perfect accompaniment to curry and spice. Seriously. Service was actually very good (we did order a lot). Even though our group was pretty big, they were patient with taking our orders and splitting our bills. Our plates were constantly exchanged for clean ones. When it came time to packing up the boxes, one of the waitresses made sure we took the extra roti/bun home. This is definitely a more upscale version of the typical Viet/Malay places in Markham and the service reflects that. This place is an establishment. I remember seeing commercials for it on the Chinese channel from when I was just a kid (with really crappy animations). And yet, I've only been here once and that was more than a decade ago. I asked my parents about this and they said it's because the waiters were too pushy with the expensive items. Fair enough.(38/100) - 2016
Don't be fooled by their combos. If it says it's "good for 4", you're better off bringing 1-2 extra people unless you have a group of 300lbs men with a crazy craving for Korean food. At first glance, you might think: "$18 for a plate of sweet and sour fried chicken?? That's too much!". But what you don't realize is that the plate takes up 1/4 of the table. Four friends and I came on a Friday night and ordered their family combo A-2. It was ~$80 for grilled pork belly, a choice of seafood pancake or Japchae (glass noodle), a choice of fried chicken or some other fried meat, and a choice of the Gamjatang (pork bone soup) or the spicy rice cake dish. I am a huge fan of being given the illusion of choice, so all these selections excited me. 1) The grilled pork belly was something I've never tried before. They came in raw slices with a grill for a DIY experience. You wrap it with some greens and sauce in a lettuce leaf and then you feel yourself giving up on your diet hopes and dreams. 2) The seafood pancakes were delicious, with lots of seafood. We actually ordered an additional plate of Japchae because we had a crisis deciding between these two. It was probably the most delicious Japchae I've ever had, delicious noodles swimming in garlicky goodness. 3) The sweet and sour fried chicken is amazing and is a sight to behold but with all the food we were working through, it lost a bit of its crispiness by the time we got to it. 4) By the end, we were dreading the Gamjatang because we were already suffering from too-much-food first world problems and we just KNEW that the Gamjatang here would be able to feed a village. It comes on a hot pot stove, warmed up and spicy with four bowls of purple rice. We ended up packing most of it home. I did get to pick my way through a bone and drink some soup. It was on the pretty good end of average. The bill came to around $120, which is very reasonable for 5 extremely satisfied stomachs. Be prepared to wait in line as this place gets a pretty significant dinner rush. They also roped off a table for some plants. Those must be some pretty special plants.(44/100) - 2016
On a rainy and cold day last week, I had a mighty hankering for some roasted chicken that wasn't Swiss Chalet. So I went to its more exotic and better tasting brother Nando's for some takeout.This was actually my first time trying their roasted chicken as I've always gotten the chicken livers (~$13) before. This is the only place I know that serves them in nice saucy chunks that you can soak up with some firm Portuguese buns. After reading some other reviews on how succulent the chicken was, I decided to give that a go this time around. Because I am what people call "a baby" and I don't like mixing pain with food, I never get the spicy options. The Lemon & Herb half chicken (~$15 with two sides) had a pretty nice grill flavour on top but as with most roasted chickens, it gets kind of bland in the centre. Luckily, Nando's has got you covered with a myriad of Peri-Peri sauces. I was a big fan of the slightly sour, slightly spicy Garlic sauce. The meat itself was quite tender. As for my two sides, the Peri-Peri fries were really good with that garlic sauce and the grilled veggies were freshly prepared. Unfortunately, the price to portion is not the greatest value even though it's quality chicken. For the price that is paid, there are better options out there. I heard they also recently raised prices. Another slight issue is the long wait. Even though we were getting take out, it took a good 30 minutes between the order and us leaving the restaurant. The food was really fresh so it wasn't the biggest problem but I do suggest you call ahead, especially at dinner time. Even with the small problems, every time someone says chicken, I'll say Nando's! Their food is fresh, hot, and pretty tasty. But next time, I think I'll stick with those fantastic chicken livers.(45/100) - 2016
Unlike most people in GTA, who got through university late nights with $10 after 10pm specials on AYCE KBBQ, I haven't touched the stuff in close to 10 years. I had completely forgotten how it tasted, only the fact that the smell clings to your clothes like a needy girlfriend. So despite my beef with the mandatory tip, I'm still going to give 4 stars (actually 3.5 but whatever) because that sizzle and seasoning has gotten me back on the KBBQ wagon. At the weekend lunch price of $15.99, you get a decent selection of meats/seafood (beef slices, chicken, short ribs, fish, squid) which is good enough for lunch though I do wish there were more veggie options (red/green pepper, zucchini). The fish fillets were quite large so they didn't fall apart when picked up from the grill. The short ribs were tasty, but random pieces were really chewy for some reason. Service was great. Super attentive and very helpful. Sure, there were only 2-3 tables of people but at least the servers weren't idling around like some restaurants during down time. Chako is also pretty clean for a place that expels hot oil for money...except the blinds. Never touch the blinds.  I do have to say though, slipping in mandatory gratuity without telling anyone is sneaky. Sneakier still when you know that people probably won't look too closely because all they want to do is leave ASAP to shower away the grease and shame of eating their body weight in grilled meat. I don't think the service charge was even on the receipt, the post-tip total was just punched into the machine and handed to me. Not cool, Chako, not cool.(59/100) - 2016
Scaddabush: a place that is as fun to say as it is to eat in. Where else do you get to cut your own pizza with shears and reminisce on kindergarten arts & crafts? Having been disappointed by its overpriced predecessor Alice Fazooli time and time again, I am very pleasantly surprised!The most important thing is the food. Wow, I've got to say, I am definitely impressed with all the flavours in their dishes. My boyfriend and I started with the Burrata, a mozzarella ball infused with honey truffle oil served with crispy bread. It was such a unique flavour profile, with the delicate sweetness of the honey mixing with the slight saltiness of the cheese. What a great way to start a meal. They're also very proud of the fact that their mozzarella balls are freshly made in-house and you can sit and watch/interact with the chefs making it. Then came the entrees. We got the shrimp spaghetti and butcher pizza. The pizza is an ordinary meat pizza. Not that it is bad, just nothing special. But the shrimp spaghetti!!! It was lemony, creamy, briny, and just plain delicious. There was an ample amount of shrimp and there were these crunchy little bits on top that just added great texture. Did I mention they have sizes for the pasta? For someone who doesn't have the biggest appetite for a boatload of pasta and cream, this is perfect!For dessert, we settled for the raspberry and chocolate tartufo. Again, good but nothing special. Tasted like fruity chocolatey sorbet with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. In my opinion, Scaddabush completely succeeds with its quality and flavour combinations. The decor is rustic and cozy, more or less similar to Alice Fazooli's. Service was relatively attentive and quite quick (though we did come on a Tuesday night, during a snowstorm, so there weren't that many people). I am not usually a fan of Italian food, but I am definitely a fan of Scaddabush. What a welcome addition to that cluster of restaurants!(14/100) - 2016
I came here for the Tea Time for Two deal on Groupon (~$30) as many others did. I still think it was overpriced for the food we got, so I think my rating leans more towards a 2.5 stars.In terms of what you get on this deal, obviously you get a choice of tea. This part was nice as the server brought out a fancy wooden crate of tea leaves for you to pick and choose from. I thought there was a good variety of selections. The tea itself wasn't memorable, I think I got some kind of green tea. Next you get your tiered presentation of little delicacies. There was a tier of savoury snacks. They were tasty, but they felt like they were once in a box down the frozen aisle at Costco. The next tier above were the scones. They tasted like regular scones and unfortunately, they weren't very warm. They came with a tiny dish of cream and jam. The last tier were the sweets. I don't know about you, but I like my creme brulee warm (like my scones), and this was not. That's fine, some places serve it cold. However, the macarons had a strange greasy feel to them. For a dessert that's supposed to be light and soft, this threw me off. Definitely not among the best macarons I've had. Another thing was the atmosphere.The person behind the dessert counter was talking on the phone or to a customer in Chinese the whole time, and it kind of reminded me of a HK cafe. This was really accentuated by the fact that the place is quite small so you can very clearly hear the conversations around you. This pretty effectively destroyed the high tea feel I thought I was going to experience. All in all: meh. Would I do it again, even with the Groupon? No. The quality and quantity just didn't justify the price. Everything seems like it came from a package beforehand. Maybe their pastries would be good for take-out but the dine-in experience was disappointing.(17/100) - 2016
I don't usually come here to order the salmon sashimi or the california roll. If I did, I'd probably give a slightly above average rating of 3.5 stars as well because to be honest, it's hard to make those things stand out. If you would like to try something truly unique, please tolerate the higher price point and order yourself one of the Chef Specials. They are an assortment of sashimi, all arranged beautifully at the chef's discretion. Because it is up to the chef's selection and creativity, every order is unique. The first time my family ordered one of these Chef Specials, I had the fortune of trying an unidentified piece of thick white and pink sashimi that melted in my mouth like nothing I've ever experienced before. That was the first time I've tried O-Toro...or tuna belly, arguably the most expensive of all sashimi delicacies. Surrounding it were succulent pieces of fatty salmon belly, chewy conch meat (in its original shell), sweet scallop, and fresh sea urchin. I wasn't familiar with a lot of the fish selections that were chosen and to be honest, I didn't know what I was eating half the time. Doesn't matter, it was ALL delicious. The second and last time I've ordered the Chef Special, they had lobster tail and a whole fish. That's right, a fish that was about the size of a small hand, with its meat carved out and the rest of the fish (head, bone, tail) decorating the edge of the plate. They later took the fish and deep fried it so that we could enjoy the rest of it in all its crispy delight. It was these two one-of-a-kind experiences that have really solidified Ichiban as a great sushi place in my mind that is well-deserving of its slightly higher price point. I've tried their other dishes before, like their rolls and sushi/sashimi platters and boats. As others have pointed out, they're not bad. But if you are feeling a little adventurous, my suggestion is to save up a bit of money, come here on a special occasion, and order something that truly stands out.(13/100) - 2016
It was my first time here and let me say their impeccable service really left a great impression. First of all, my boyfriend and I had a $15 off coupon that was sent in the mail which prompted us to give this place a try in the first place. Unfortunately, it was expired. The owner came out to personally greet us, ask us if it was our first time there, and generously gave us the discount anyway. What a great start to the meal. We then proceeded to order. To start, we got the cheese fondue. Wow, this plate is literally a plate of carbs. Garlic bread, flat bread, and thick cut fries served with a warm bowl of different white cheeses. It was extremely filling but delicious. Then came the entrees, a lobster pizza and an aragula salad with salmon. Both were really good. The lobster on the pizza was so flavourful. The only thing I was not a fan of was the wait time in between the courses. It was really really slow. Hopefully, that was an anomaly. Also they were very courteous about it, having a server come out and personally apologize for the wait, so that made up for it. We didn't even try for dessert, we were stuffed, but we did share an alcoholic pear cider which was refreshing and big enough to share. I loved this place. Decor was very nice; casual enough to be relaxing but elegant enough to make it special.
Compared to the last time I came here (at least 2 years ago), this place has definitely improved. (So my rating is more of a 3.5) I think with all the competition popping up in Markham, they really had to up their game. Their menus have gotten a huge makeover in terms of look and variety. There are a lot more food selections and the drinks have graduated to some really unique selections. They no longer taste like just flavour power and water so paying $6-7 for a drink is starting to make more sense. I've always been a big fan of their decor, which I find very sparkly and modern. The service has definitely improved from last time. They've apparently moved from hiring incompetent teenagers that seemed to care more about how they look to people that can actually service a restaurant. The only issue I had was there were a couple slip ups with our orders (e.g. extra drink, one drink took too long) BUT given that we were a pretty big group, it's understandable that it happens. Ultimately, if I were to have rated this place 2 years ago, I would've probably given 1 star (which is why I waited years to come back). Now that they have gotten better, I can see myself coming again on a more frequent basis.
The food and service were decent/good.Tom Yum Goong Soup:It had a good balance of sweet, spicy and tartness with sliced mushrooms and decent size shrimps.Mango Salad:It had julienne red peppers, red onions, mango and cilantro - quite refreshingHainanese Chicken with Rice:The chicken were decent and boneless which was great. The sauce however was lacking salt and spice. The chicken oil rice was decent, not the best I've had.Chicken Green Curry:If you're a coconut fan and love your spice, then this is your dish. This dish has a lot of chickens, peppers and bamboo shoots that can be shared amongst 2 people.Overall, I will definitely come back and try their Indonesian Fried Rice, for I saw the table next to me ordering it and it looked great with the shrimp chips and a fried egg!
It's cheap for what it is, but there are many options in the area which delivers the same quality and price.I'd rather go elsewhere if I'm craving for some good chinese bbq meats :P
I came here on a Sunday afternoon with my mom, and we were quickly seated by a very pleasant guy (I'm assuming the guy who owns the place). The place is quite clean, and the food are not super salty which is good. However, they do serve stinky tofu at this place, so the place does smell a bit like fermented tofu. We ordered:Popcorn chicken set - really tender and juicy fried chicken bits, and lightly salted. The sides that comes with it was quite good, especially the eggplant. The wintermelon tea that comes with the set just tastes like sugar water (so meh to the drink). Overall, I'd definitely order their set again for you get a lot for your buck, and it tastes good!Pork belly with bamboo shoots - really tender, melt in your mouth pork belly. It has a good balance of salty and sweet. The bamboo shoots is nice and crunchy. Taiwanese beef noodles - really tender, juicy beef with a bit of star anise flavour but not too pungent. Overall I'll definitely be back to try more dishes, and encore on their popcorn chicken!
The last time I came here, I had an amazing experience where the waiter made sure that we were happy with our food and that we lacked nothing.The food was good and the service was great, therefore I will be back for sure!
Fresh Burger is by far the best burger joint you can come across in the area! They grind their beef on site every day, so it's as fresh as it can and should be :) it's no Burger Priest, but for the area it's worth a trip!I'm a fan of their burger, but not so much for their fries (quite oily and lack of season when I had it).Their service was also good and the staff was friendly, but the parking lot can be a bit busy, so be patient when looking for a spot to park.
I've been here for lunches for a few times and I love that they use purple rice in all their rice dishes.Their service during lunch is usually pretty good and not too slow. However their portion recently has gotten smaller.
I had a terrible experience with their customer service, and speaking to their manager did not suffice.We ordered this dish and our group didn't realize until afterwards (but the dish was still plentiful) that one of the main ingredients were missing. We asked one of the server and she brought in the manager. However all we got was that "it's only eggplant" and gave us a hard time, even though the dish is called "belacan egg plant with shrimp"I've not been back since, and does not want to be again.
There are having a promotion now. For afternoon tea, purchase three meals and get the fourth one free. At dinner time, for purchase over $30, you can get one dish free.
It has a good selection of beers, alcoholic and non alcoholic beverages. Besides, it has a variety of finger food and steaks to go with your beer. You can find this pub in Quebec, Montreal, Toronto and Ottawa.
I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and a glass of beer. The sandwich is good. Other than pilled pork, it also stuffed with coleslaw. I love the sauce that you could add in the side. The service is friendly. It's good.
I ordered a fried chicken with rice. It came with three side dishes, yam, lettuce, and fish cake. Side Dishes: The yam is tasty and sweet. I believe they added sugar when cooking it. It is on the hard side. They may need to cook it a bit longer.The lettuce on the other hand is quite plain. Looks like just cooked in boiling water. The fish cake is slightly spicy. All three side dishes have three contrasting tastes.Main Dish:The chicken tastes good and not very greasy. The rice underneath is a bit hard. Need to chew longer before swallowing it.
Came here to eat dinner for the first time. Ordered a ramen in pork bone soup and a pork cutlet with rice in Japanese curry. The pork bone broth tastes good. It's not too salty. Chashu is thick and marinated well. The noodle is good in general. The size of the pork cutlet is big and I do think that they did a good job in deep frying the pork cutlet. The curry source is too watery to me and the rice tastes and looks like Chinese rice.
Ordered the sausage egg mcmuffin for $1 + tax (on promotion now), a blueberry muffin and a large coffee. Mcmuffin and coffee tastes fine but the blueberry tastes a bit too sweet to me.
Crisp Chicken WingsThe chicken wings are crispy and I certainly like the sweet and sour sauce that comes with it. Just that the chicken wings are bit small.Roti PisangIt is banana wrapped with crepe and has condensed milk on top of the crepe. It is a kind of appetizer. It does taste good with the banana. I just don't like the condensed me with it. It may be better just with the banana in the crepe. Taste more like a dessert to me than an appetizer.Penang Gulai NonyaThis is a curry dish in Penang style. It is not very spicy. In fact it tastes slightly sweet which easy to eat, especially with the coconut rice.Penang Char Kuay TeowI am a bit disappointed in this dish. It is just like thick noodles fried with soy sauce and sprouts. Shaved Ice DessertIt tastes so delicious. There is a lychee on top of the shaved ice with syrup poured over the ice. At the bottom of the bowl, it has sweet jelly cubes, sweet beans, and corns etc. It tastes very refreshing eating this dessert.From all the dishes, I like the Penang Gulai Nonya and the dessert the most. I will definitely come back for other dishes.
The restaurant is decorated nicely. I found out many customers like to sit at the sushi bar when I passed by and it looks like they are also serving izakaya. As I was directed to sit at the booth, I found that the sitting booth is tight, not much space and I could not sit comfortably. Shortly after we ordered the sushi dinner set, the sashimi came first followed by the sea urchin (uni) + salmon roe + rice and then the foie gras sushi. The food came very quickly and I was hoping they would put a pause. Sashimi dish, the fish were fresh and it was not bad.Sea urchin (uni) + salmon roe + rice, the salmon roe has overwhelmed the taste of the sea urchin. I would rather to have sea urchin with the rice alone.Foie gras sushi came third. Since we were still working on the first dish, we didn't dig in on this dish. Shortly after, the waitress came to our table and said we should eat the foie gras sushi prior to sashimi and the Sea urchin (uni) + salmon roe + rice. I was thinking if that has to eat immediately when it's still warm, either slow down the speed of serving the dish or wait until we were done with the first two dishes. Taste is not bad but not outstanding neither.Tofu with shrimp, I like this appetizer the best. The soup at the bottom of the tofu tastes delicious and then it is layered with slices of mint leaf and then topped with the shrimp. The mint flavour blends well with the tofu and the shrimp.Eggplant with cod fish and deep fried fish paste tastes good also, especially the eggplant is soaked in sweet miso sauce.Bowl of noodles, I found the texture of the noodles are on the hard side. They could cook a bit longer.Duck Breast stuffed with spinach, the duck tastes alright. I just don't understand why would the chef wants to stuff the duck breast with spinach since spinach does not carry a strong or contrasting taste. Next time if I go again, I would want to try their izakaya instead.
Spotted this ramen shop as I passed by and so interested in finding out what is it like. I ordered a porkbone soup ramen, a side order of chicken wings and a wintermelon  tea with glass jelly. Pork Bone Ramen: (score 3/5)The bowl of ramen appeals good to my eyes and the soup looks thick and rich. The I like the type of ramen that they are serving. It is not too thick but it is not that chewy. The slice of pork, cha siu, is tender and it seems like they have not marinated the beat.  To my impression, it is like the pork bone meat some Asians used to cook soup. On the other hand, the pork belly is torched on the surface and as a result it tastes a slightly better. The egg is quite good, soft like tofu. In my opinion, I feel that the ramen is not authentic.Deep Fried Chicken Wings: (score 3/5)It is cooked and crispy, perhaps it is a bit overcooked to me. The outer layer is bit dark brown. Having said that, I could still taste the salt and pepper with the wings.Wintermelon Tea It has not come even after I have finished eating the chicken wings and ramen. I have the waitress a chase in the middle of my meal already. It finally came after my second chase which I did see the drink sitting on top of the counter for a while. I would suggest one of the waitresses to improve her service. For example, when I gave her a chase as I saw my drink sitting on the counter, she didn't look at me but responded verbally "wait a minute".
Passed by this restaurant on our way home and so decided to have dinner in this restaurant. The waitress is friendly and showed us how to eat the Beef Stew with baguette. The veggies  and the salad  on the side is refreshing but the stew if a hit salty to me. I can't finish the stew with one loaf of baguette. There are still plenty of meat  and sauce left. I remember this dish was not this salty last time when I had it in this restaurant.Also the assorted meat with glass and egg noodles  is also on the salty side but not as much as the stew. Not very happy  with my meal  tonight. Hope to find something more interesting next time as I heard this restaurant has a good reputation of authentic Vietnamese cuisine.
The Milk Tea is very smooth and creamy! No wonder it is awarded! Need to come and get a second cup.  This restaurant also offers a good variety of HKStyle breakfasts. It also has a tv  playing TV programs un Hong Kong and offers free wifi but the wifi never works.I ordered a typical Hong Kong style breakfast, 1 sausage, 2 slices of ham, a few  bacons,  2 eggs,  fries, and two slices of  bread. There are a little bit of everything on the plate. The quality of the breakfast is not super good and it's a bit pricey to its quality but the tea is amazing. I will come back for the tea but don't recommend the food there.
French Kiss RollIt is big. I mean the size of the roll is big compared to other rolls that I normally eat. When I took my first bite, it felt funny. I think I have never tasted a roll that is crunchy. When I took a second roll and examined which ingredient made the roll crunchy, I found out there were apples inside the roll. I don't recall I have ever had apples in a roll. This is new to me. Somehow, I prefer the traditional style.Shrimp  Tempura The presentation is very good. I have never had a seaweed tempura before. Interesting! Nevertheless, the shrimp tempura are hot and crispy. They tasted good.Although this restaurant uses a Japanese name, it's operated by Korean. Maybe this is one of the reasons that I find the food is not authentic. In general, food is not bad, just that I prefer a particular style.
Feel so good to have a full breakfast before the start of a day. There's an early bird special for a good breakfast at $5.99, which includes 3 eggs, a choice of ham or sausages, fruits, 4 slices of toasts, and a choice of home fries or French fries. The breakfast is so big that I could share it with my husband and both of us are full at the end.The breakfast comes with a slice or orange and a slice of cantaloupe. They are sweet like honey. The eggs are perfectly done to my request, sunny side up. I always request for French Fries which I like them more than home fries. French Fries are crispy and taste better to my preference. There's always refill for coffee.The service is good. The waitress remembers what we like and what we want to order. The good service makes me feel like home.
Dumplings (score: 5/5)It is crispy and tasty ! Yum!  Pork Bone Soup (score: 4/5)It is good! It comes with a stone pot of rice. In the pork bone soup, there are a lot of meat  on the bones. It is pretty good. It tastes very good with the rice and the side dishes. The side dishes also make the soup less salty. It feeds two people well.
I ordered Melonade, the Friday Special. It is only $6.  I ate the slice of watermelon that comes with the drink. Even the slice of watermelon has the mint flavour. The mint is very refreshing. The drink tastes good but a little bit sweet to my taste. The only negative thing I would like to comment on is the watermelon meat is not blended in the drink. It does not come with any spoon.
Black Sugar Ginger Tea  The tea set is very cute. It has reminded me of the tea set (toy) I used to play with as a kid. There's a candle at the bottom of the teapot to keep the tea warm. The tea has a strong flavour of ginger and it is not too sweet. It's healthy and good . Deep Fried Wings It is tasty and crispy but a bit
The MagicThis is the house noodle. I really like the noodles because they make the noodle from scratch, from the flour. You can actually see the chef making noodles from where I am sitting. There are different types of noodles that you can select from and I chose the traditional type. The noodles are chewy and taste good. They go well with the soup. The house noodles come with pork chop, lamb, beef briskets, turnip slices, and an egg. The real noodle look different from the picture in the menu. In the picture, it shows a while piece of pork chop but when the real bowl of noodle arrives, the pork chops are in chunks and they don't look like a whole piece of pork chop. Besides, the waiter who delivered the noodles just dropped down the noodles that we ordered at the table without telling us what kind of noodles was that and for whom. I came with friends and a couple of us ordered the same item but one with extra noodles. We could not figure out which bowl was a regular size and which one had more noodles.Nevertheless, I like their noodles but not their services. I would come again for more noodles.
Randomly picked this restaurant since I am hungry and just want to grab something to eat quickly.Cream of Broccoli (score 5/5)It's creamy and has the taste of broccoli. The taste is just right, not too salty and not too watery. Just perfect! Baked Pork Chop with Spaghetti  in Tomato  Sauce (score 4/5)It came out HOT!! The Spaghetti is just right, not too soft or not too hard. Pork chops are cut into small pieces which are easier to eat. The taste is good, the sauce is not too sour. I believe a pinch of sugar is added to the sauce. It does taste slightly sweet but it's not too bad. The only issue I have is I don't like the cheese  on top of the sauce. Honestly, the melted cheese does make the appearance look of dish looks better, just that my personal preference does not like cheese  a lot. The waitresses are a bit too chatty. They having been chatting with each other loud and repeatedly.
Visited this location with some friends the other day. Nothing really to say about this location......it is clean, small restaurant. Traditional Cantonese food was served, Overall, it was a nice experience. On thing that you have to be careful of is the parking. The parking here is terrible. There were crazy drivers everywhere, and I almost got hit by one person while I was trying to park. Off to the side, I saw two people arguing over a parking spot. Maybe it was the lunch hour rush, or maybe it was a sunday afternoon and everyone was hungry....Whatever it was....i will not be going back there any time soon.
I was finally able to visit this place, and even now, i don't know what all the hype is about. It feels like any other burger place, except that it is more expensive. The burgers are plain. Any toppings that you want to put on it is extra, it is expensive, and there wasn't really anything special about the toppings. I agree, the burgers are fresh, but other than that, there really isn't anything special. There are basically four options; one 4 oz burger, or one 6 oz burger and then their equivalent double patty. All the frills are extra; ie. bacon, cheese, mushrooms, etc. I ordered a prime (6oz) bacon cheese burger with poutine and the total came out to just under $20.00. I was really shocked.... you can go to other places for cheaper and just as fresh. The overall atmosphere was just like any other hamburger joint. line up at the front to order, and then tables where you can sit. No waiting staff or anything else. No trays, just a paper bag where you can bring your food to the table. A reminder to those who might rip the bag open like what I did... it will be a pain to clean. Overall, i'm not really sure that I will go back.
Went back with the family for dinner this time. Wow, it was quite a different experience. The food was very good this time, and the atmosphere was amazing for hanging with the family. Was different from lunch because there were more people and it didn't feel as dead. Also tried the pretzel and it was amazing. Will have to go back again just for that. I also didn't pay this time around so don't know the price of our billPros.Friendly serviceFree beer tastingGreat FoodFelt like a bar this time.The Pretzel was awesome. ConNothing I can think about right now.
Visited this location after dinner the other day. Wasn't impressed, but I probably had high expectations. I was excited because a couple of friends said that this place had amazing deserts. When we arrived, we sat at a corner seat. It wasn't that bad, except that the opening into the kitchen was by my head. It was extremely annoying. Wanted to try the assorted fruit in a watermelon shell, but it was $14.00 for it. Maybe I'm cheap, but $14.00 for some cut fruit in a watermelon shell wasn't all that worth it. Went for the mango dessert. Was disappointed. Pros.Egg pudding was unique. It was in an egg shellOpen lateConsSeat was crappy, kept getting annoyed by the window into the kitchenMango dessert/pudding wasn't very good. not impressed with the service.
You can't go wrong with pho. It's just some raw meat, noodles and that's it. The most important part, in my opinion , is the soup base. This place really lives up to it. The soup was delicious and the noodles were awesome. Everyone finished everything.So why the 3 star? The biggest problem was the service. They had a button to call the waiter, but they don't always answer. Then they forgot part of our order and we had to order it again. The speed was ok. It may have been busy so that is why the forgot.Also ordered the satay noodles. Now this was a little too oily. I had to scoop some of the oil out to drink the soup base.ProAwesome noodlesGood priceDecent environmentConForgot orderOily satay soup base
If you ever have a craving for traditional Hong Kong Cafe Food, then this place is for you. They have anything you can hope for; from the cheap priced food to the weird service attitude. Coming in, it is usually very busy, but this time, it wasn't that bad. Had a seat very fast. The environment is the same as some of the other cafes that I went to in HK. Nothing special, but not ugly either. The service was bland. No smiles, nothing welcoming, but if you call them, they will show up. There are many waitresses for the size of the location, so if you call someone, they usually arrive very quickly. Food is nothing special, but it isn't too expensive either. Standard place in my opinion. Overall, it is a bland place with a bland feeling. Nothing good to write home about, but nothing bad about the place either.
Being from Taiwan, I love going to Taiwanese restaurants. I haven't been able to find an amazing restaurant like Taiwan, but this place comes really close. Looking at the decor, there really isn't anything special to write about. small, nice and clean, this place looks like any other typical restaurant. The service isn't something special to write home about. I couldn't give it a good review, but it wasn't that bad either. I can say that the feeling was blah....Finally, there was the food. Now this place has some of the best (authentic) Taiwanese foods that I have had in Canada. Keep in mind that you can never compare to Taiwan, but as far as taste is concerned, it is pretty good. We got the smelly hot pot. Not a fan in Taiwan, so wasn't going to be a fan here, but it tasted really authentic. The Taiwanese Oden was amazing. I loved the sauce and the actual fish cakes. Overall, it was a good experience and highly recommended for everyone. Just hold your nose if you get the smelly hot pot and you can't go wrong.
Been to the plaza a lot. There are a lot of restaurants there, but usually we try something else. Wanted to try something different so went to this location. We thought it would be similar to Greek food because it used to be a Mr. Greek, but we were very wrong. It seems to be an afghan place. There were no pork dishes. All their orders were very simple and there wasn't a huge selection. Tried the beef, chicken breast, and the spicy shredded beef. I forgot the name of the dishes. The meat was amazing. I especially like the spicy dish. The rice was good; different from Chinese and western rice. Not too soft, but not too hard. The salad was average. It wasn't too expensive compared to the rest of the restaurants in the plaza. It was a self serve location so there were no waiters or anything. Just ordered from the counter like McDsProGood foodFast Service.  ConNo service. If you want someone to wait on you, then you are going to the wrong place.
Went with the family the other night.. reasonably priced dinner. In terms of the ambiance, it was the same with all Italian restaurants...Nothing good to write home about. But that wasn't what I was there for. Service was average. Forgot some of our orders of drinks and what not so had to order again, not a big deal. nothing really special In terms of the appetizer, we order the spinach and artichoke dip. This came with a slight difference. They didn't provide any chips, but thinly toasted bread. It wasn't my favorite combination, but it wasn't that bad. I would give the appetizer an average grade. The main course was pasta, what did you expect at an Italian restaurant. We ordered something that had some spice to it. It was pretty good. I can't remember the name of it, but it has chicken or some other type of meat in it....As you can tell, it wasn't that amazing or I would have remembered. The item that I really liked was the bread to start. They provided the bread with an olive oil and spice dip. I liked it so much that I had seconds, and I never have seconds of bread. We were lucky , according to our waitress, because they just finished baking/heating the bread. It was very soft and warm when it arrived. I should have just ordered a drink and ate the free bread....would have saved me some money. Overall, it was just an average experience. ProFree warm, and delicious bread Olive oil and spiced dipping sauceConNo chips with the dipjust bland, like every other cookie cutter Italian restaurants out there.
I used to think that these franchises were a dime a dozen. All the food tastes the same, and all the service is usually the same. But this one seemed a little bit different. First off, I don't usually like Milestones. I was never a fan of their food. Having finished work, we went there for some food. They lost a star because of the appetizer. It was the dip and the chips tasted like it was handled by sweaty hands. Not my favorite dish..... the dip was pretty good though. We ordered the meatloaf and the steak. The steak was nothing to write home about. What can i say, steak is steak. Unless it is an amazing cut, it all taste the same. The baked potato was a little bland because they just added green onions and sour cream. Other places, they would add things like bacon bits, or butter, but not this place....second lost starThe meatloaf was pretty good. It was a little spiced, but not too spicy. everyone enjoyed it. Overall, the price and the service was pretty good. A dinner for 4 ran just over $100. They have a special on Wed where couples dine for $50 and it includes 1 appetizer, 2 course, and 1 desert. Overall a good value. ProWas a special, Meatloaf was goodservice was okConChips tasted like sweaty handsBaked potato was bland
Went to Inatei yesterday for lunch. There was no line up so I thought lunch would be fast. Didn't turn out that way. It was a long wait. We were late going back to work because it took 45 minutes to get our food. When asked, they said that they were low on staff. Ordered two bento boxes. The food quality was good. The sushi was very fresh. Like always, the portions are a little bit smaller for its price. Over all, an ok experience. ProFresh fish/foodConLong wait for the foodSmall portion for price point.
Went to this place with my grandma and wife....it was a traditional wonton soup location. The decor was....meh....when I went to the bathroom, it was dirty. I may have been spoiled and was used to the clean restrooms at other locations. That is why I was so not used to it. It reminded me of Downtown Chinatown shady washrooms probably had things living in it, but thats my opinion. The food was pretty good. The soup was warm and good, and the wontons were amazing. Soup was very light, so it wasn't very salty. The one thing that was good was the limited selection on the menu. I like things to be simple, and so this was perfect. Making it even better was the fact that my grandma could never decide. By having a small selection, the ordering time was quick and painless. Service was very fast. Felt like it was faster than McDonald's and all the fast food chains. Usually, it means cold food, but this place was fantastic. hot food with speedy delivery. Overall, it was ok. Just don't go into the washroom first....it may ruin your appetite. ProGood foodFast serviceLight soup (not too salty)ConFilthy washrooms.
Went there for some family lunch. Wasn't too busy, and so was surprised at how crappy the service was. Had to order water three times just to get water, and had to ask for hot water for the tea three times just to get the water. When the server did come, it was like she didn't give a crap about us and had some attitude. The reason why I gave it an extra star is because of the food. The Peking duck is fantastic. it is a must try for everyone and it is their signature dish. I don't know about getting the fancy dish where it comes with cranberries, and what not. I think the ordinary order without the frills is fine. This place isn't a cheap place. I would say it is about $30 per person depending on what you order, ect. Maybe its just that we are heavy eaters, but this place was pricey. Overall, would go again for the Peking duck, but thats about it.
Well, usually I wouldn't be reviewing any fast food places. They are a dime a dozen and they pride themselves on crappy food, crappy service, and crappy atmosphere. This McDonald's is different though. What I mean is that the service is still crappy, but atmosphere is like all the rest, but the food isn't as bad. No, I don't meant the burgers or the overpriced nuggets, the food that actually tastes ok is their pastry. This location is the only McDonald's that I have been able to find the good pastries. And if you go earlier enough, you can get the pastries that are still hot. Their filling is maple or chocolate, but I always get the maple. It is a lot better than the Timmys and other McDonald's in the area.
This time around, this place really wasn't very good. I don't know if it is the lunchtime crowd, or if it was something else, but I was really not impressed by this place today. The pro is that seating was abundant....maybe that wasn't a pro after all.I ordered the special noodles. IT LOOKED NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE. There were like 2 pieces of meat, two pieces of pickled radish, and noodles. No spices, and nothing else. They skimped on everything. Then there was the cold potato dish. The dish was half empty. What a crappy experience. I really wont' be going back unless someone else insists....ProNo wait times this time, ConHalf empty appetizerNo meat or veg in the noodlesLeft feeling hungry
Went there with a couple of friends and their daughter. It was a great noodle place. The concept is that you can created your own noodle dish. You choose the soup base, the noodle, and the toppings. They put it together and bring it to you. It is a really cheap noodle dish (I think, I didn't pay so I don't know). My recommendation is the instant noodle, the malay soup base, and the toppings are your choice. I was not a fan of the vermicelli, but my wife got the instant noodle and it was very good. The ingredients seem fresh (well, obviously the instant noodle can't be fresh), and it tasted really good. The only thing I didn't like was the service. It was the first time I was there and the lady didn't explain how to order. I asked, but she ignored me so I needed to get my friend to help me with it. I guess I was just a little bit slow. I always thought it was like every other location. The dishes are pre -made. Overall, I like the location and will most likely go back when I get the chance.
I have been to this place many times, and each time, I have had a great time. The food is amazing and the atmosphere is always good. In terms of the atmosphere, it has always been a nice cozy place. Not to loud, and not too soft. TVs are everywhere playing sports and other stuff. To tell you the truth, I don't really pay attention to it, so I'm not sure what exactly is playing. The food is amazing. All the fish is fresh, and the presentation is very nice. One complaint that I do have is the sushi that I ordered. The slice of fish was extremely small. It looked like it was made for children. Stating that, I need to apologize for not providing pics. I don't know how you guys do it, but I usually forget or by the time I get my phone out, people would have already started eating the food. You guys must be quick with the phone. Overall, it is a great restaurant that I would love to go back to again. ProsGreat Food,Nice atmosphere,Tvs for distractions if necessaryConSushi portions are on the small side.
After visiting the bank in the same building, I thought I would stop by for some sushi. It was early afternoon and I hadn't eaten lunch yet. It was quiet and the only people eating was the staff for lunch. In terms of the service, I thought it was ok. Obviously, I was the only person there, so I couldn't really verify the service level. I can say this though, the food came out REALLY quickly. From when I ordered to when the food arrived, was about 5 minutes. Now looking at the speed of the service, I can only say that most of it was prepared way before.The fish was really fresh. I really like that. The Gyoza on the other hand was a little bit cold. It tasted like it was precooked, but they didn't take the time to reheat it. The dynamite roll was pretty good. It was supposed to be cold, so I can't tell if it was made way before or made fresh. It tasted pretty good though. Over all, it was a pretty good lunch. It wasn't too expensive too. The dish came in at $10.00
This place isn't all that different from some of the other places in the areas. In fact, it is very similar to Duo just down the street.The dessert is not that fancy. I really like the vanilla macaroon the most. The shell is very good and chewy. Everything else is all the same.In terms of the service, I got take out so I can't really comment
Had a couple of clients bring me to this restaurant the other day and I must say that I was mostly impressed. There were a couple of big problems that they have to fix though.For those who don't know, this is a new seafood place in Richmond Hill that replaced the old wasabi Japanese buffet. The did a fantastic job on the decor and even added a seafood market next door in order to fresh seafood to their clients. If you liked the dish, you could visit the market next door and buy what you ordered.Getting into the place was a pain. There wasn't enough parking so we had to park at the other side of the mall. That would be ok if it wasn't snowing or freezing.Reservations there are a joke. We had a reservation at 8, but because they were so busy, we didn't get our seat until 9. People were getting in who arrived after us.The food was fantastic. Service was fast and the food came out fast as well. Keep in mind that we had a private room so the minimum order if for 10 people. The dinner is preset so all you have to do is pick one set and they will arrange it for you. They bring the seafood out prior to cooking to confirm that it is fresh and alive. Once you confirmed the weight and the animal, they start cookingOverall a little pricy but well worth it.
Small family style Vietnamese restaurant.  Good service and the food is good.  Not salty and it's nice they brought a small pitcher of water for our table.  Searing is a bit tight but the size of the restaurant is not big so nothing you can do.   A bit hidden off of Leslie so just look for the Tim Hortons.  I had zero issue finding parking for dinner but I know this spot can get busy at lunch.  Definitely worth a try!
The sushi boat was good but a touch on the small side.   It was fresh and very nicely presented.  The big big disappointment for us this time was our Seafood Udon for $15.   It came in a relatively small bowl but where is the seafood?   We had to fish (no pun intended) to find to find a small mussel, squid, tiny (1 cm) scallop.  That's it!  No kidding.   Absolute rip off!   I would be ashamed to serve this "Seafood" Udon for $15!  Service like usual is very good.   I previously gave them 4/5 but this Udon certainly left a very very bad taste in my mouth despite the great sushi boat.  In fact I was about to give them 2/5 but the boat and service brought it up to 3/5.    A great example how the ratings can be brought down by one single item.
Change of pace from typical Chinese food.   It's a once in a while place for us.  Decor and seating is very nice.  Certain dishes can be salty.   Price is not bad (if you use the VIP card which you buy for $20 cash...bit of a scam)...there is two prices-Normal or VIP.   This place can be busy so if you have a lot of people, reserve a table.  Another thing is a lot of the staff can only speak Mandarin (English and Cantonese is optional).  Lastly only cash or debit.
We were here for a private dinner banquet and the food was quite good.  We had our own private section which is great!The meal started a bit slow at the beginning but once they kicked into gear, things went quite smoothly and no long gaps between plates.  Service was quite good like normal and even our vinegar plates were constantly refilled.Portions were generous and food quality was quite good for all dishes.  Nothing was too greasy, over/under cooked.  Let's pick at straws but our fish was not "deboned" too well by the server and hence a lot of fish would have gone to waste if we simply ate the plates served to us. What is holding me back from giving them 5 stars is unrelated to the food/service, but the parking situation there.  Limited parking with MANY MANY spots reserved for the various businesses in the strip mall.  It's part of the overall experience and hence still part of the review.
Service is great and the food is very fresh.  This is one of our go-to places in Richmond Hill for good quality Japanese food.   The sushi and sashimi is very fresh and quality of the fish is high.   Not the lowest price out there but "you get what you pay for".  The cod is great!Great consistency in food quality, service and ambiance.  I have never been disappointed during my many lunch and dinners here.   They can be a bit busy so reservations are recommended during key times.Definitely a must try place in Richmond Hill!
Situated in a little "hallway area" of this large strip mall just south of 16 on Bayview with a Chinese supermarket.   FREE PARKING!  Unlikely the chaos you have at their other location at Yonge and Finch.   We ordered the Combination Soon Tofu (one spicy-it was spicy and one mild-it was mild...funny comment but in many places this means nothing.The fried dumpling was really good and not overly oily.I enjoyed the stir fried pork but I would have really wanted a hot stone bibimbap;  However it only came in beef which I (and many people don't eat).  They should consider allowing customers, at the very least substitute the beef with pork.Service was polite and relatively quick.  The servers were running around since they were very busy but they were always polite.So glad we have a good Korean option in  Richmond Hill.
I have actually never been to the original location so I am a blank page.   Devour is was well done in this smaller store.   Service was polite and efficient.   They has combos that came with a rice bowl, pudding, watermelon and cold drink for about $11-12 which is not cheap for lunch.   They also have Bento boxes but I found them quite small (portion size).   The bowl rices is my choice-decent price and good portion size (not to mention good tasting).   A good place try pretty authentic Taiwanese food and a nice environment.
Tuesday pizza for $12!   Great deal for good food and great service!   This is actually a good spot for business meetings too since it is quite quiet and private.  Service is great as well.   Obviously we had pizza since we came on Tuesday but we have been here many other times and ordered pasta etc and it was great.  The ambiance is very comfortable and the service here is top notch.
After driving past the restaurant daily, we finally decided to try it out.  Cost is pricing (3 of us was about $400) but there was enough food for more people.  We ordered the set meal with lobster, Alaska King Crab served two ways rice, greens, oyster.  Everything was fresh, tasty and the presentation of the dishes was nice-even though the dishes were very large, the staff was attentive enough to constantly downsize the dishes so it will not clog up our table and also add an extension too!When you factor in the stunning decor that is as nice as many hotels, comfortable seating (one of my big pet peeves is uncomfortable seating) and the great service we received from all staff, this is a very good choice to impress guests without going totally crazy on the bill (you can go crazy if you want without trying too hard).Definitely looking forward to try out the dim sum as well as the other dishes (need to come with more people to get greater variety).
Who said there is no good places open late at night in the suburbs???    My go to place whenever I have a craving for good food late at night....late meaning midnight.   They are also open during the breakfast and daytime as well but I rarely go then since there are other choices and frankly don't want to always eat there.   I go many times late at night due to sports but don't want to be boozing it up afterwards at bars.  Here you get a great selection of Chinese food in an environment that is quite busy even at midnight (I seen people line up late-not a long line but waiting to get in).  If you are searching for decent food in Richmond Hill (especially late at night-I think they are open til like 2am or so), they is the place!
No change from my early review.  Still loving this great Italian place.   Everything was very fresh like last time.  The pizza was great and not greasy.   Lasagna was perfectly prepared in a generous portion.   Seating was comfortable and relaxing.   Not sure what else to say but you gotta make your way up to this place in a small assuming strip mall on Yonge in RH.
Food quality remains good.  The reason for the drop from my previous five star rating is due speed of the service.  Maybe it's my timing or they are just getting too busy.  It took a while for the servers to clear up the many empty tables while we stood waiting for a table.  Once seated and ordered, we waited, waited, waited til the food finally came.   It took a long time for them to even get tea (after we reminded them); even the soup and salad took a long time...I understand if the kitchen is busy but the servers should at least put some food on the table.   Oh well.  I hope they improve the process since I do like this place and through it all, the servers were quite polite (but please improve the speed of not leaving the table completely empty).
Nice and unique decor.  Been here many times and have left satisfied.  Both food and service is good.  Background music, noise is there but not overwhelming that we need to scream to hold a conversation.  Love the pizza-alway add that in conjunction with another main dish.  TVs are strategically placedin many good spots so I can catch a game while having a decent meal (instead of the bar variety chicken wings).  I cannot comment on the other locations but the RIchmond Hill is excellent!
Not overly authentic and when compared to some of the others around for town,  this one will lose out.   But given the location in Richmond Hill,  relative ease of parking,  this is not a bad choice.   Food is decent, fresh,  environment is nice and the service good.   A nice change of pace from the typical Chinese in the area.   Is it Wow?  No.   Is is Bad?  No.  Will I come back?  YES.
One of our regular places.  Excellent and friendly service in conjunction with good food.  The sashimi and sushi is very tasty and more importantly fresh.  Off the beaten path but that's not a bad thing since parking is a breeze.  Good value, good service, good food!  Definitely worth the hunt to find this place the first time since it will be easy to find when you come again.
First time here to this neighbourhood Italian restaurant and very pleasantly surprised.  The food is excellent and very authentic.  The cheese tortolini tastes exactly like the ones I had a few months ago in Italy!!  The stone oven cooked pizza was very good and came to us quick quickly which was great since I was quite hungry.  We also had the traditional rice balls and the crepe dessert....And given we had two people , we ordered way too much.  We were kind of like kids in a candy store.  Very friendly, attentive service and good food!  What else can I say except I will be back!
Great place for good Vietnamese food.  We had the pork rice, beef pho and pork rice rolls.  The pork was not burnt, full of fat and tasty.   The broth for the pho was tasty and consistent with everything else the rolls were good.The service is top notch-efficient and polite.The premises is comfortable and clean.Found this place based on other Yelpers good review and this did not disappoint.   Found another go-to place in RH!Next time I will post pictures-was hungry and dug right in this time!
I got to this restaurant about 5 minutes after it opened to take advantage of the early bird special. The restaurant is very popular, and every table fills up within minutes of opening. Thankfully, we were able to get the very last table available.. if we didn't, we probably would've had to wait a really long time (for a party of 5 to finish their entire meal). The parking at this place is absolutely horrible. There are only a few reserved parking spots for this restaurant, so unless you're really lucky, you're probably going to have to park pretty far away from the entrance. Onto the food... Overall, I was content. I highly recommend the steamed seafood dumpling in soup. The dumpling was massive, and the filling was very good. The broth had a subtle flavor that tasted very fresh. The baked bbq pork bun on pastry was interesting. It was basically a mix between a pineapple bun and a bbq pork bun. The combination was a little strange to me, but I did enjoy it. The har gow and siu mai were above average in size, and they both tasted great. The deep fried shrimp balls were amazing! The deep fried crunchy texture and the shrimp ball flavor were both perfect.. I wish they gave 4 shrimp balls instead of 3 though since the order is considered a large. The deep fried durian pastry was interesting. I don't have that much experience with durian, so I really don't have anything to compare the flavor to... I thought it was okay though. The shrimp spring roll with chinese celery was probably the worst thing that we ordered. The spring roll was very overcooked in certain spots, and the flavor was underwhelming in general. I would pass on this. I also enjoyed the softly sweeten mango dumpling (but calling it a dumpling seems like a misnomer). The outside was soft and squishy, and the inside was filled with a nice and light whipped cream. I would've liked it more if the mango flavor was stronger too.The prices were very worth it because of the early bird special (medium and large orders for the price of small), but I think it would be way too expensive if we paid full price. The service was about average, but I had no complaints since it was a full house. All in all, my dim sum experience here was very enjoyable, and I would definitely come here again.
My experience at this restaurant was pretty mediocre. Most of the dishes seemed to be hit or miss for the most part. I really liked the onion pancake roll and sliced beef. The pancake was soft and slightly crunchy on the outside while the beef inside was bursting with flavor. Whatever sauce they decided to use for this was a great choice. I also really enjoyed the pork with garlic sauce. The meat was sliced pretty thin, and the pork had just the right amount of fat. The sauce was excellent, but I wish they gave a little bit more of it. The pan fried dumplings were pretty good. They were a little bit too oily for my taste, but I didn't mind eating them. The cucumbers with garlic were a huge letdown. The flavor was inconsistent within the dish itself.. The cucumbers at the bottom of the dish had a decent garlic-y flavor, but the rest (and majority) of the cucumbers were very bland and flavorless. It was a chore to finish the entire plate, and I really regretted even ordering it. The beef noodle soup could've been much better. I wasn't a fan of the broth, and I couldn't help but feel like the broth was missing a key ingredient or something. The noodles and beef used were about average. The minced meat noodle dish we ordered was very forgettable. I found the sauce they used to be plain and boring. I ended up adding a lot of hot sauce to it because I just wasn't satisfied with the flavor.Overall, the prices were good (though I felt really ripped off with the cucumbers). The service was fine. I'm not sure if I would come back to this restaurant based on this experience alone, but part of me does feel like I would've really liked this place if we ordered different things. If I do eventually come back, I will probably order the soup dumplings and completely different noodle dishes. 2.5/5
I love hot pot, and I love AYCE style.. I was bound to like this place at least a little bit. I came here for an early dinner with my family for one of our last meals in Toronto. The food was pretty good, and there was a pretty decent selection of food and sauces available. I enjoyed the thinly sliced beef and lamb, but I felt like the meat quality was very average. I enjoyed most of the fish balls and meat balls as well, but I did feel like the beef ball was a little unusual.. Some of the insides of the beef balls remained slightly red no matter how long I cooked it, and I couldn't figure out why that was happening. I ate it anyway and didn't die, so I guess that turned out okay. The dumplings were great, but they took a very long time to cook because they were given to us frozen. The oysters that were provided on the half shell were MASSIVE. They tasted alright, but I'll admit that I'm not the biggest fan of cooked oysters in general. I didn't like their fish paste at all because there was way too much cilantro in it. The cilantro in it was completely overpowering to me, but I know some people actually like cilantro in their fish paste.. matter of preference I suppose. The beef tripe was TERRIBLE and by far the worst item we received. I usually love the texture of beef tripe when it's soaked in soup (soft and slippery exterior with a slightly chewy interior), but the beef tripe here actually hardened a little bit in the soup. It was absurdly chewy and basically inedible.. Something was definitely wrong with that beef tripe. We were also given a mango tapioca dessert on the house at the end of the meal. It was delicious and refreshing, and I felt that it was an excellent way to end our dinner. All of the other items we received during our meal were essentially what I expected, so I don't have much to write about for those items. The service here was straightforward and reasonably fast, but the waiter did miss a few of our items more than once. When we informed him of the mistakes, he was able to fix it rather quickly. I imagine the service wouldn't have been this fast if we arrived during the busier dinner hours. The price for the AYCE hot pot dinner was very worth it, and I'm jealous that there aren't AYCE hot pot restaurants in my area like this place. Unfortunately for me, most of the hot pot restaurants near me are a la carte style, so the prices add up really fast for someone with a large appetite. I would be willing to come here again, but I would probably research the other AYCE hot pot restaurants in the area before returning. 3.5/5
I went here for lunch with my family, and the restaurant was packed. Wait time was lengthy, but at least it gave us plenty of time to study the menu. I really liked the layout of their noodle soup ordering sheets! The instructions were very clear and concise. There was a good amount of choices available for the soup bases, toppings, and noodles.. a lot of ways to really customize your order. I ended up going with the Malay laksa soup, sliced beef brisket, fish tofu, and rice noodles with no scallions. The menu also had 8 side orders available, and we ordered about 5 different ones to share.3 of the side orders arrived way before our bowls of noodle soup, but I didn't really care because I was so hungry. The pan fried pork chop in maggi sauce wasn't great. The texture of the meat was a little strange, and I remember thinking they might've used low quality meat. The deep fried pork chop was only okay. It had a nice deep fried crisp on the outside, but the inside was pretty dry in certain spots. It seemed a little bit overcooked in general. The pan fried sausage slices with honey glaze was very tasty and probably my favorite side order that I tried. My bowl of noodle soup eventually arrived and wow, it was gigantic. The Malay laksa soup was very rich and flavorful with just the right amount of spice. I would've finished the whole bowl of soup if my stomach didn't already feel like it was going to explode at the end of the meal. The beef brisket was really good too. It was very tender, and it had the perfect amount of fat. The fish tofu was about what I expected, so I was content with its flavor. The rice noodles were very good, and I was glad that they retained the same texture throughout the meal.. I find it a little annoying when noodles absorb too much soup overtime. The last two side orders arrived when I was about halfway through my noodle soup. The pan fried boneless chicken in teriyaki sauce was nothing special, and I've definitely had much better. The desert wings with ginger had an excellent texture, but I found myself very underwhelmed with the flavor. I couldn't really taste any ginger at all, and it just seemed like normal fried chicken wings to me.Overall, the service was a little bit on the slow side, but I imagine that's because the place was so packed. The price for the noodle soup was totally worth it, but I'm not sure if I would be willing to pay that much for the side orders again (because of the small portion sizes and/or flavors). If I come here again in the future, I'm probably going to stick with the noodle soup by itself because one order of that is both massive and delicious. 3.5/5
I've been to this place for breakfast a few times with my family, and it was pretty good. I feel like the restaurant itself could definitely use an upgrade though because the silverware, plates, tables, chairs, etc. all seem pretty old. Also, I find their choice of media to play on TV to be pretty questionable at times.. I mean, does anyone actually like watching aerobic workout videos while they're eating?Moving on. I really liked their HK style French toast. It was thick, and the outside had a really nice crispy texture. The flavor of the French toast in combination with the syrup and butter was seriously addicting.. I always found myself wishing there was more after I was finished with it. The rice noodle rolls were pretty standard.. I think they would definitely be better if they were softer. The pineapple bun with butter was about what I expected, so I didn't have any complaints about that. The "omelette" (basically just egg with ham) was a little strange to me. There was some sort of yellow-ish liquid inside of the omelette that I found to be pretty odd. The satay beef with vermicelli was a very simple bowl of noodle soup, but I actually liked the flavors way more than I thought I would. The beef was soft, and the flavor of the satay beef mixed surprisingly well with the vermicelli and soup. We also ordered a large vegetarian platter (not positive this is what it's called) to go. It was really good, but I honestly wasn't a huge fan of the curry variation.The service was straightforward and to the point, but they do seem to be a little understaffed most of the time (waitresses speed walking everywhere). The prices were more than reasonable. Overall, this restaurant seems like a good place to go for a quick, simple, and cheap meal. The food is very worth it for the price, but there are definitely better restaurants out there in this area. I would still gladly come here again. 3.5/5
Haru sushi is located in a dense office populated area in Richmond Hill. After seeing the ratings on Yelp, we came in for a try. Coming here for lunch on a weekday, I realized that Haru is packed - this is also why they don't split bills on Thursday and Friday. Since they were so packed and only had two waitresses on deck + one waiter that served drinks and entrees, service was rather slow. Although we were seated right away, it was difficult to get the attention of the staff to order food, in addition, it took a while before we had tea. They had a lot of lunch specials to choose from, many of which were around $10 or slightly more than $10 - they included a salad, miso soup and ice cream. (LC3 - $12.99, which was the 8 pieces of sashimi and 8 pieces of spicy salmon roll), next we got the (LC21 - $10.99 which was 10 pieces of dynamite roll and 8 pieces of California roll). These were actually rather large portions - especially with the rolls. The quality of the sushi was decent, but I think the rolls could have been a little more tasty and less rushed during preparation (though I know it's difficult due to rush hour timing)
Mama bear is a super cute name for a restaurant. Came here today and avoided the lineups, we were seated within 2 minutes. The server's were super friendly and asked us to write what we wanted (numbers) on a sheet of paper. Parking is usually harder to find here, but they have free three hour parking that is underground, so it's easy to get to. The space to get underground is a little tight and there's no walkway for pedestrians so you need to be careful.We decided to order two combos, one was the popcorn chicken combo ($12) and the other was their chopped pork bits on rice ($10.50). It came with three small side dishes, a wintermelon tea and orange slices. Both these dishes were large, but there was more rice in each dish, no sauce for the popcorn chicken, the chopped pork compared to other places was okay, not anything extremely special. One of the dishes came significantly earlier than the other. The waitress kept coming by to make sure we were okay because we finished one dish before the other one came. I'd like to try out their side dishes next time though, maybe those will impress me a little more than these large combos.
I'm so sad that Alice Fazooli's at this location is closed and they stated on their website it would be called Scaddabush - Italian Kitchen and Bar (which hopefully is the same thing).Nevertheless, I want to give Alice Fazoolis (though closed) a review because it gave me a lot of memories. Alice Fazoolis brings back a lot of memories for me. I grew up eating Chinese food all the time and Alice Fazoolis was one of the first restaurants where I was exposed to "Western culture" that's not a Swiss Chalet and basically GROW UP. Located in the East Beaver Creek plaza, you should come earlier or closer to night time because parking is ALWAYS difficult when you go around 7pm - 8:30pm. The ambiance of the restaurant is really nice, it's kind of in the middle between casual and classy. But none the less, it's pretty good for date night. The lobby area is pretty large, and I like to go around 6pm, which is when all the seats are still available. One of my favourite dishes are their Angle Hair Pasta. Did I mention you get oven-warmed bread, complimentary to your meal when you sit down. Yea, I know a lot of places do this, bu for bread to be oven-warmed?! Now that's rare. Mmmmmm. It literally comes in a basket with a cloth and delicious olive oil for dipping
I come here quite often for macarons and cakes throughout the year, as it's one of the best ones in Markham. I feel like other places have decent macarons now, but other places sell more cakes and other specialties, so Ruelo is still one of the better locations in Markham area. They have a wide variety of macarons, each macaron is different in price, which I find quite interesting. I wonder if some ingredients of the macarons are significantly more expensive than others. Nevertheless, they're still within the $2-$3 range per macaron. If you purchase 6 items, and you don't have tax! The macaron flavours that they offer here and I recommend are- Ruelo (if you are a chocolate lover, I'm personally not one, but if you like chocolate, go for it)- Green Tea Sesame (I don't really taste the sesame much)- Rose Lychee Raspberry- Pistachio Raspberry- Early Grey (Sigh, I wish they would combine it with a non chocolate center)They also sell delicious small cakes, though they are pretty expensive, about $5-$6 each.My favourites for the cakes include the green tea red bean sesame, mango almond, strawberry yuzu and the hazelnut. I personally think the people who work here are quite rude, well coming here ever since it opened, I think they got more rude over the years, they didn't use to be this rude.I remember coming here when no one knew much about it yet, basically when it first opened and when they offered their high tea set for $10 per person. There was slightly less stuff as now, for instances, the bottom tier did not have salmon sandwiches, but the normal Old English sandwiches they used to have.
Deer Garden (Dear Garden), You definitely have grown the best customizable noodle restaurant on Highway 7! Yours Truly, A CustomerFor $9.50, you get to choose your soup base, noodles, topping and drink. Deer garden is all about that customization of your noodles. I can never finish these noodles because it's so MASSIVE. I HIGHLY advise you to share this with your friend if you can't eat that much, because I literally almost take the whole thing home. There are many types of noodles you can choose from, usually it's the ones that you choose from a local Chinese restaurant. You can choose two toppings from the selection, a few include beef balls, beef, vegetables options such as greens. There are also side orders such as fried chicken wings, etc, for a smaller amount extra. Drinks are included, although if you want something a little special, you need to add extra money (about 50 cents to a dollar, or however much the drink is priced).For the soup base, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND the laksa. It's so good! I used to get the regular soup base, but man, after my friend got the Laksa soup base, I get it EVERYTIME.
Izakaya Tsuki is located on the second round about in this plaza, in the same building as 3 Brewers. Entering into Tsuki, the environment was rather spacious with beautiful bottles of wine located on the shelves that divide up the cubbies. There's a bar that guests can sit on for food or for drinks.Coming here for the first time, I ordered a Tsuki Don ($13), the spicy dragon roll ($15) and the Saba no Shio Yaki ($8). The Tsuki Don uses red/purple rice and is topped with a mixture of seafood slices such as crab meat and diced cubes of raw fish such as salmon, tuna, etc. I loved this dish, as it was filling and rather large! My friend got the spicy sashimi bowl, which was even larger and came with a bowl of rice on the side and it was only $14. We shared the spicy dragon roll which was a large roll with red rice, tuna on the top. It was wrapped with shrimp tempura, cucumber, avocado, and if I remember correctly, crab meat. I loved how the red rice was used and this roll was actually monstrous. It impressed me how the sushi stayed together, despite the size of the roll.Lastly, the Saba no Shio Yaki was delicious. It was grilled to a great temperature, though I think I would prefer it more if it was served a little hotter. This is one of the best Izakayas in uptown Markham!
Making reservations was a breeze for the Keg through Open Table. We were seated right away! It really surprised me how quickly the Keg filled up and how busy it already was before 6pm.Coming here with my family, we asked for warm water and were glad how greatly the accommodated us with 3 cups of not steaming hot, but warm enough to drink water. We decided to share the Mushrooms Neptune $11, the 10oz prime rib with the twice baked potato $31 and the Surf and Turf which included a 3oz lobster tail, two fillet steaks, 5 pieces of asparagus and a small salad for $29. We were served instantly with warm bread and butter, delicious, but be careful cause it's really hot. I think I would appreciate it if the bread was cut fully into four or eight separate slices instead of us having to rip it apart.The food came really fast, after we had the bread, the food came in about 5 minutes! It came all at once too, just as we asked!Let's start off with the Mushrooms Neptune. The mushrooms were placed in a cute little palette with a cheese mixed with crab meat stuffed on top. Furthermore, they had two slices of hot sweet bread on the side for the extra cheese - delicious!The surf and turf, I thought was a little overpriced because it was a smaller dish, even though it had a delicious lobster. The lobster was a little salty to my preference - I know it had a lot of seafood taste.The star of the show - the prime rib was DELICOIUS. Cooked to perfection with no juice oozing out right when we cut it. Tender and soft to chew on. Bonus points for the fried onions and the twice baked potato with delicious bacon bits inside!
Didn't know this place opened so long ago, I always thought it was new, even though i am aware that this restaurant is just the branch of the sister shop in Scarborough.The siu long bao were of great quality, four in each crate for only $0.99 (plain) or $1.99 (crab meat) for the first crate and for each additional crate, it is $3.99 or so. These siu long bao are large in size and THE SOUP was absolutely delicious. The plain one definitely had dong gu mushroom as a soup base and the crab meat one tasted sweet like crab meat or at least crab shell. The siu long bao were wrapped beautifully with perfect folds.I'm a little surprised to read a lot of comments regarding how rude the waiters are and how they yell at you for not being able to speak Mandarin because when I went, there was at least one waitress who is able to speak Cantonese to us and the other waiters were super nice as well.Other dishes include rice with Chinese sausage bits and dice bok choy, a green onion pancake and a LARGE bowl of ramen. ALL of these were delicious and not one dissapointed me, which I was delighted to eat.Best part?! ALL five dishes came down to $24.50 before tips, including tax. WHAT?! Man, I have to hit up this place more often before the xiao long bao special disappears.
Located in a plaza on Major Mackenzie, Thai Basil is not difficult to find. There are plenty of parking spaces here.When we came in, it was decently filled, but we still were able to get a spot in the restaurant. I love the decoration of the store - it's really Thai styled, but not over the top Thai style. Their Thai iced tea is delicious, definitely worth trying.Food prices here are less than $10.My friends got the curry with rice, which was actually had delicious authentic taste. This was served separately, so you are able to choose how much curry you wanted to add - if it's too spicy, you add a lot less.I got the pad thai, and unfortunately, it was one of the worst pad thai's I have ever had. The pad thai was much more sour than usual pad thai. I felt like they added less sugar to mix in the taste. DO NOT COME HERE FOR THE PAD THAI, but come here for the rice and iced tea!
Waffle and crepe galore perfect for teenagers to hang out and eat delicious desserts. Coming in on a Friday night, their store is packed and we waited approximately 15 minutes in line for a seat, rather crammed in my opinion. Their names for their desserts are very creative - e.g. Moo La La, Interstella, Tongue Depressor, etc. Most of the prices are approximately $10-$15 for one waffle or one crepe. I didn't realize how expensive that was until I grew older and had to pay for my own bills. Their crepes and waffles are made very well, but for a place that specializes in desserts, I feel like they're waffles and crepes lacked a secret mystery kind of taste to it. There are secret ingredients that I know of to enhance the taste of the waffle and crepe, making it smell and taste much better than regular ingredients. The portion of these dishes are huge as well! Definitely a giant scoop of ice cream topped with delicious brownies or strawberries with sauce drizzled nicely over and sprinkled with icing sugar. Come in and give Demetres a try, it's pricey, but definitely a big portion.
For a fair comparison, I will not compare this location to any ramen locations downtown but rather to Sansotei (Markham) which is nearby. This place is noticeably less salty and oily than other Japanese ramen place I have been to. While this is good for more health conscious people like me, it comes with a cost because the broth doesn't taste nearly as good as Sansotei.They cheap out on the ingredients because the entire portion was so small. I don't know if I was extra hungry that day, but the amount of meat, mushroom, noodles and other stuff was just minuscule (comparing only to Sansotei). Just judging from the noodles and pork belly alone, I did not feel like they were good quality. You have the option of adding ingredients like corn and butter for $1.00 per item which is a rip off in my opinion. There are specials like ramen with dessert combo and a student set with a pop. I ordered the ramen and dessert combo and was told I would only get half the portion of the dessert which was understandable looking at their full charge if you order the dessert separately. They did not have the Japanese cheesecake I wanted that day so I ordered the chocolate one instead. It was pretty mediocre and I wouldn't pay extra to order it again. I really wanted to like Touhenboku more since it's one of the few ramen places I didn't feel sick right after eating, but unfortunately the quantity and quality don't match up to the price for me. Therefore, I will give only 3 stars and probably won't be back any time soon.
I've been here about 3-4 times for dim sum over the past 10 years because this place is always jam packed. If I were to rate the place on just those experiences alone, I would give them 3.5 stars. The dim sum is definitely above average in quality and the portions match the price. However, as there are plenty of other good places for dim sum in Richmond Hill and Markham, there is nothing special about the food here which makes me think I should even attempt to get a table here, especially on the weekends.Fast forward to today and I've eaten dinner here about 3 times the past year. We order a variety of different things each time. The geoduck is amazing. Get it sashimi style and enjoy how fresh it is. If you opt to do hot pot, only dip the geoduck in the water for only a few seconds. It's expensive but the quality doesn't get better than this. You can add $10 to get a secondary geoduck dish in congee style which is very good value in my opinion. You do not have to pay bowls of white rice any more and it fills you up quickly.The crispy oyster dish was cooked to perfection with red wine. You still get that oyster consistency at the middle of the meat.The highlight was the free range soy chicken. It was juicy, moist, had right amount of tenderness and I proclaimed it as the best chicken I've ever eaten.Service was never for a problem for me. I felt like the staff were always trying hard to accommodate everyone and it's not their fault the place is so popular. We always got our food at a reasonable pace and the waiters regularly check on whether your teapot needs refilling or if a dish hasn't arrived yet.I am definitely looking forward to coming back to try their king crab, lobster and peking duck. But for now, I rate the dinner dishes 4.5/5 and their service a 5/5. Be sure to book a reservation for dinner at least a week in advance. Yes, it's that busy.
I came here recently twice for a weekend lunch and dinner. Both times I was equally satisfied with the service and food. Water was filled without you having to ask and there were enough waiters to serve everyone. I would classify Maxim as a more upscale HK style cafe because they have a lot of the dishes typically served in a regular HK style cafe. The two basic choices between cream and Russian borscht soup also makes me feel this way. There is plenty of variety on the menu like sandwiches, soups, salads, burgers, pasta, curry, rice, steak, lamb and, of course, cakes as they are a bakery. They have regular lunch combos if you want to be frugal, or you can spice things up with more expensive lunch or dinner specials with the choice of salad or lobster bisque as an appetizer and a slice of cake as dessert. For lunch I ordered some smoked salmon with shrimp pasta which was one of the lunch specials of the day with Russian borscht soup. The free bread they give you with the soup is not good at all. Very tasteless and cold. The actual soup itself was pretty good and I preferred it over the cream soup I also tried. The portion of the pasta was about average and the sauce used was not very good. However, I was able to eat the food from what my party ordered because their portions were much bigger. I really liked their Caesar salad and mashed potatoes. The deluxe club sandwich was really big and unfortunately, it was a hassle to eat because bits of tuna kept falling out. The Black Forest cake they picked out for me to eat was not to my liking, but that's only because I prefer more sweet cakes.For dinner I ordered lamb chop with lobster bisque. The soup was made in a HK style which meant the lobster flavour was much more mild than if you were to have it at a typical western restaurant. The lamb was good quality and there was minimal amount of salt, pepper and seasoning which is what I prefer because you get a more clearer taste of the lamb. Others might find it too devoid of seasoning. Maybe it was because the restaurant was almost closing and they had to get rid of their cakes, but they let me choose what type of cake I could have for dessert this time. During my previous lunch visit, I was told there would be an extra $2 charge if I wanted to pick the cake out myself. I chose the mango cheesecake which was not very sweet again, but I guess that ends up being healthier.All in all, this place has existed for a very long time (25+ years?) for a good reason. You might have to wait for a table on weekends. I would recommend Maxim for lunch and dinner and not for the cakes.
3.5 stars for the value. This is truly a great budget Chinese restaurant. I order take-out here frequently using the dinner combo options and it's great because it comes with a very big portion of rice and soup. If you pay in cash there's a 10% discount for take-out. I came here recently with 11 other people. We ordered 8 side dishes and it came with more soup, rice and dessert we could eat all for $8 per person. Some of the dishes weren't that great but none of them made me go wow, that was terrible!
3.5 stars. It was my first time visiting this establishment. It was surprisingly busy even at 8:30 in the evening. We didn't have to wait long at all to be served and for the food to arrive. The tables were nicely spaced out and I felt very comfortable eating here. We ordered the homemade lasagna (meat), Sergio's pasta using fusilli and Vegetarian pizza. I found the pizza to be a little bit too bland but at least it wasn't oily, salty, dry or soggy. The cheese and tomato don't have a "kick" to them. I don't like a lot of pizza because I find the dough and crust to be too dry but it was not a problem here. The ingredients were fresh and the pizza came steaming hot. You can add as many toppings/ingredients as you want for $1.75 each (for a small pizza) which I find very reasonable.The lasagna was disappointing because it felt pretty dry eating it even though there was more than enough tomato sauce on top of it. I think it's because there was egg in between the layers and it made it seem drier than it should have been. Overall, it wasn't terrible but my neighbour could make the dish much better than what I had (my neighbour would be so happy if she reads this comment).I felt like the pasta was the best dish. It was simple with tomato sauce, zucchini and chicken. I ordered 2 meatballs for $3 and the meatballs felt very homemade.I was very happy with the large portions and while the food is certainly not high-end Italian cuisine, it definitely matched the price. They take a lot of credit cards including American Express which was a surprise. They do dine-in, take-out and delivery.
I've been to Inatei about 5 times since its opening and every time I regret eating here. It's not that the food or service is bad. Simply put, the high prices here do not justify the slightly average quality of the food here. My latest experience was me not full after spending $40 for dinner because the portion of the Kaisendon was so small. Please don't order it because it was such a huge rip off at $25. They gave me 2 pieces of tuna, 1 piece of uni (not very good, consistency was more liquid than a solid), a spoonful of ikura and a bowl of rice. You order those 3 types of fish separately with the same portion size and it should be around $15.Despite finding the prices to be too high, I want to be fair and point out some of the positives of this place. I ordered a-la-carte sashimi and it was cut into thick slices. The quality of the tuna sashimi was much better than the one that came with my Kaisendon for some inexplicable reason. Other positives...There are options to eat more expensive fish. The presentation of the dishes were nice. I like the restaurant's ambience and design. There was free miso soup, salad and dessert with the meal but that seems to be a standard for all Japanese restaurants nowadays. Service was never a problem for me as they hire a lot of wait staff.
4.5 stars because I feel like the noodle soup at the 16th and Markham Rd. location is better.It's hard to beat this place in terms of value. Portions are very generous, prices are cheap and the food is delicious. Food is not too salty or oily. I've already gone twice since the opening. It's THAT good!.
After being a regular here for more than 2 years, I thought I would post some additional insight.They changed their policy on who gets to get free miso soup and salad. I say it's not a loss if you don't get them because they're small in portion sizes anyways. The miso soup isn't overly salty like other places.The tempura here is my still favourite, not too dry, moist or oily. The batter isn't thick which is my preference.The broth and stuff they put inside the vegetable udon is also still my favourite. My tip is to avoid ordering any udon with meat as you will be surely disappointed in the little chunks of overcooked meat you struggle to find in the soup. Any dish with meat is overpriced like the beef teriyaki. The portion of meat is just too small. I really like the Japanese style hamburger because it was delicious but the portion didn't match the price. Kalbi is too expensive in my opinion but much higher quality than every other meat.Raw fish quality varies a lot. Most of the time it's acceptable. Sometimes it's excellent (for the price) and other times it's on par with AYCE sushi. I find that sushi quality deteriorates during the winter months but improves drastically during spring and summer time. However, you have to take into account the price. It's about $1 for every piece of sushi if you order the combos so it's not expensive. I learned to lower my standards because of this. Do not order the beef tataki. It's a rip-off because the quality is so so so soooo bad.They have a wide selection of sushi rolls you can choose from. I am not a big roll fan however I do enjoy some from time to time. Some particular ones I've enjoyed are the Lion King Roll and the Teenager Roll. The Teenager Roll has cream cheese in it so it's not for everyone.I love their complimentary mango ice cream. I can't leave without having it. I visit Haru about once every month and I have never had a problem with bad service. While there are a lot of things I don't like about this place, I keep coming back because I learned to order the right dishes and the experience is never terrible. The portion to price ratio is still excellent (besides the meat dishes) and I am always full by the time I leave.
I like their "we're sorry we're open" sign.This Jack Astor's has been opened for a long time now and I've never had a bad experience. The food quality has stayed roughly the same over the years. That being said, I was never a big fan of the food. It's just average with a higher price tag. The service is good because they have enough waiters who are usually ecstatic  to serve you. I think the choices in the menu are quite limited which is a big reason why I don't go so often.I'm giving them a 3.5 because generally the food and service quality never deteriorated so it's a reliable choice for taking co-workers, friends and relatives.
Only ordered the Fresh Burger to get a sense of how the food was. After devouring it like I haven't eaten in a few days, it's easy for me to say I will be back to try more of their options like the Prime Burger. The first thing I noticed was the gentle crisp on the toasted bun which had no sesame seeds on it (personal preference but I don't like buns with seeds on em). The patty was fresh as the name suggests and there was plentiful of cheese. However, the portion size was not the greatest. As a light eater, I was not close to full after finishing the burger, but that's my fault for ordering the cheapest burger they served. I think the prices are still quite reasonable in comparison to other burger joints and I am very willing to pay for higher quality food than settle for garbage like *cough*, McD's. Service was quick and friendly. Double thumbs up from me!
Goldsor is a great choice for a quick and cheap meal if you want Hong Kong cafe style food. While the cleanliness of the restaurant may bother some, their service is as speedy as fast food restaurants and the food quality has stayed consistent over the years. Come for breakfast, lunch or dinner, it doesn't matter. You won't be disappointed with the food.
I came here for a dinner a few days ago on a weekday with 2 other people. The service could be faster but there was only one waitress and one hostess/waiter? It was my fault for saying we wanted all the food at the same time. I feel like if the dishes came out as they were prepared, we wouldn't have had to wait ~20 minutes for the food. I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant. It had the bar area like Jack Astor's and the booths like Milestones with dim lighting. If you're a sports fan, they position the TV's all around the place so no matter where you're sitting, you can watch the action.The menu was standard American food (with some Mexican dishes) with similar pricing compared to competitors. We ordered the following items:8oz. Top Sirloin - $25.49 - Ordered medium rare and it was cooked between rare to medium rare. I was satisfied with the quality of the meat. It could be more tender but you can't expect too much at this price point. The portion of the baked potato it came with was very generous. More generous than any other restaurant I've been to. Same goes for the side of vegetables.Blackened Basa - $22.99 - Generous layer of guac on top. Dish was flavourable and wasn't overly salty. The only thing I would say to improve the dish is to cut down the level of blackening (is this a verb?). It dries the fish out a lot.Baked Onion Soup - $8.49 - Liked the flavour of the soup, not overly salty or strong in onion flavour, did not like the thickish layer of cheese on top of it. Basa Fish Tacos $16.49 w/ quinoa and arugula salad + $1.99 - I feel like if they used another type of fish, it would taste better. I wasn't a fan of the chipotle honey dressing but I'm biased towards not liking spicy food. I wouldn't order this dish again because the two other mains tasted much better. The salad, on the other hand, was delicious. I liked the dressing it came with.10 pc. Fryers (Wings) with Signature NY Butter Sauce - $13.99 -The only reason why I ordered this dish was because I was curious as to what this sauce would taste like. It ended up tasting like it was only coated with butter. I was fine with it but I know a lot of people wouldn't be. I find this dish to be not worth the price because the size of the wings were so small. Plus they only give 2 pieces of carrots and celery for one order.The total came about to $122 incl. tips and taxes for 3 people. Is that too pricey? You be the judge. I would come back again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to persuade people to eat here.
A safe choice for late snackers or if you can't decide on what to eat. Their food makes you full, not make you want more of it. They have a few good staple foods like the iced red bean freeze and some of the noodles. Prices are considered to be cheaper than other restaurants of the same nature. They have a staggering amount of items on the menu but try to avoid ordering fancier stuff like the sushi and seafood. I would say the service is of typical Chinese quality. Lots of Westerners come so they are more English-speaking friendly than other places.
Been to this place twice and it was good both time.  The environment reminds me of Hong Kong. It was packed each time I came.  Love the Mango dessert and the Full house Sago.  Too bad I am not a fan of Durian as I heard amazing thinks about the Durian Pancake. Will def be back a 3rd time shortly..
Marathon Cafe Milk tea won many awards as I first tried this couple years ago at their Scarborough location.  The newest addition is in Richmond Hill so I stop by to have a look.  Place is in one of the strip plaza that is usually deserted so it was good to see this place bring people in.  So I walked in and notice you have to seat yourself and order at the counter like Timmies.  They even have a sizing chart for your milk tea like Timmies.  Overall, I got to say I am really disappointed with the whole experience even the good milk tea can't save this place with food that lousy.  You can this a sandwich when you have 1 tiny piece of meat and 1 lettuce.  And you didn't even toast it for me.  You going to charge me $5+ for this junk. Wow. just wow.  I will only come back to get the milk tea for take out next time and go elsewhere for food.  Going to give them 2 stars since the milk tea was pretty good so extra point there.Rating:Service: 2/5Food Quality: 1/5Comfort 2/5Decor  2/5Value: 1/5Parking: 4/5
Been to Saigon star a dozen times, mostly for dinner and twice for lunch.  This place get busy quick at night and the wait time can be long.  Remember to make reservation if you planning to come here during the weekend.  The Curry crab is the best I had, remember to order some bread with it.  The Pad thai is okay as well.  Only thing I do not recommend is the pho from this place as it is not the best.  Other than that everything else I tried so far as been stunning.
Never knew this place existed in Richmond Hill. I been to the one in North York a handful of times and the one in sauga twice.  This used to be a chinese HK style diner if I was correct here. It is nice to have some amazing Korean in Richmond Hill now.  The soup was very good and they serve it with purple rice like the other locations. This menu was larger than the other places as well which is a plus
If you like wonton this is the place for you.  They are huge and I am not lying.  They prepare the noodle so quickly and the price is decent.  Nothing to complain about this place.
I love this place for the Hong Kong style diner.  They have amazing sizzling plates.  My fave is the chicken steak combo which comes with soup (choice of Russian Borscht or Cream soup), dinner roll, drink (coffe, tea, etc) and dessert (usually jello or mango pudding) for only $9.50 during the lunch special.  Note: Place gets crowded quickly and the seating isn't that comfortable as there is literally 2-3 cm between you and the table beside you.   Place is cash only as well
Dessert Kitchen is always packed at night but I do not see what the hype is all about.  Service is very bad here and food itself is nothing to write about.  Also portion is quite small too.  Server never got us water and when our rice came never gave us utensils and we had to ask 3 times before it came.  The dessert we ordered wasn't good at all especially the green tea creme brulee.  The Mango Molten cake was okay but not worth the price. Also got 2 egg pudding $1 each which were okay.  I also got the Summer Featival -Mango ice cream + yogurt + mango $6.50 which they use plain yogurt that was too sour to complaint the mango which I didn't like and it was pretty small.
Xe Lua right on Bayview in a small strip plaza is nothing to rave about but it is close by and in a neighbourhood that lacks a decent pho place.  It is also right across a High School so it can be crammed during lunch hours during the weekdays.  Pricing and size of pho is on par with the avg pho restaurant .  Service was bad but I didn't expect to be "wow" in that department.
I love Nando's chicken as much as I love Swiss chalet.  The decor at this Nando is very nice and inviting. This place itself isn't that big and can fill up quickly during the weekends.   I got the half chicken with 2 sidelines (spiced rice and fries).  The chicken here is always cooked to perfection and isn't dry at all.  The spice on the chicken is amazing as well as the sauce. They have a wide variety of sauce for your liken from spicy to non-spicy ones.  I am sure you will be able to find one you like.  Pricing is reasonable for what you are getting and will fill you up for sure.Rating:Service: 3/5Food Quality: 3/5Comfort 3/5Decor  4/5Value: 4/5Parking: 4/5
This place is a hidden gem in Richmond Hill.  It is small and cozy.  This is my new favorite sushi spot now. (Been here 8 times now).  Price is fantastic for what you are getting.  I usually order the Double Dragon combo which comes with a handroll as well.   The Spicy salmon handroll is amazing!!  You also get Miso soup and Green tea ice cream with your meal.  I highly recommend this place but it can get full quick and the wait could be long so beware.
The newest Congee Wong just opened in Richmond Hill.  They are offering 10% off now for grand opening.  Place is pretty big as it took over the space where the dim sum restaurant used to be - Regal 16.  Decor is nice and modern with a lot of booths.  Staff was extremely polite and attentive.  Always apologizing about how long it took for the food to come but in reality it was only 5-10 mins.  Looking to come here more often as it will be closer to my house.
Not sure what all the craze is all about.  This is another Chinese bakery in town.  Same buns you find all across town.  The egg tart is better than the bakery next door (but which bakery isn't)  but I wouldn't say it is the best I had.  The Milk tea is only okay.  I never tried the cook food but I will next time I am around.  Overall it is a good bakery with some above average items.  Pricing is a bit mroe expensive as well.
I have been here 7 times.  The pho here is decent but the soup base is not as tasty as other places I have been.  Portion size is good.  I noticed they finally changed the ugly decor they had before. (yes I haven't been here for a long time).  This place is consider clean for a Pho place and seating is more comfortable as well.
Came here for afternoon tea on a Sat evening.  Place was more packed than I expected.  Service was quick but food took a while to come out.  I could hear tables around me complaining as well.  So it seems like it is normally like this.  Food was decent for a Chinese diner, price was comparable to other diners for tea time.  Will come back for dinner or lunch next time as there was so good looking dishes.
I love All Star Wings.. I have yet tried all the different flavor after going there since Highschool days.  I keep going back to the same 3-4 flavors that tingle my taste-buds.  Cesar does Texas, Bloody Cesar, God of Thunder, Pandora's box, etc.  just can't get enough of it.  This location used to be in the corner of Eglin Mills and Yonge but has moved to the bigger location down the street. I have been to the new location 3-4 times now.  I still prefer the original location on Woodbine.  This place get packed whenever basketball and hockey game comes on.  Love the atmosphere and decor of the place. Fries here are great too; tried the greek fries, loaded fries and poutine.  They sell Cheesecake factory cheesecake here as well and the portion is fair.
This is the newest owl in town but it is not as good as the others I been to.  They only give you 3 banchans whch is sad for a Korean place.  The pricing is a little more than the competitors but the size of the dishes is fair.  The place itself isn't that big so it can get crowded quickly and the parking lot can be tricky to park yoru car.
The place itself is tucked away nicely in Times Square.  I pass by Times Square many times but never noticed this place until recently.  I got the tofu dessert and it came in a wooden pail.  It was very smooth and tasty.
Been to this Eggsmart a handful of times and I noticed they do not have enough workers working here.  They do not clean up the tables until it is needed which is gross as the old food can be sitting there for a while. The old lady that works there is super friendly and has the sweetest smile.  The food itself is mediocre at best.  We tried the egg Benedict with smoked salmon and it wasn't that good, the spinach and feta cheese omelette is tasteless but home fries was tasty.  The french toast portion is huge but nothing special.  I did like the Banquet burger they offered as it was fresh and juicy.  I ordered the hot chocolate and they but a huge whip cream on top which I didn't mind but I would like to be asked if I wanted the whip first.  Overall, it is decent but needs more staff and service needs to improve.  Can't really mess up breakfast as it is just eggs and toast.  Nothing really stands out to me compare to other places.  Pricing is expensive for just eggs and toast so I do not normally go out for breakfast.  I think I rather  go get one of the Timmies breakfast sandwich instead.Rating:Service: 2/5Food Quality: 3/5Comfort 3/5Decor  2/5Value: 2/5Parking: 4/5
Green Lemon Grass recently renovated and looks better than before.  The food itself is still the same thou.  The Rare beef noodle is okay, the soup flavouring is decent, noodles not too soggy but the beef itself was a poor cut - tasted bad and rubbery.  Also Beef to noodle ratio isn't that good.  This place gets busy on most days and do require waiting.  The service is pretty fast when the staff is not too busy watching tv.  The pricing is decent compare to all other pho places.Rating:Service: 3/5Food Quality: 2/5Comfort 2/5Decor  4/5Value: 3/5Parking: 4/5
I come here with my family for Dim sum.  There is always a long wait for this place.The dim sum is pretty good but on the pricey side.  They have a okay variety of dim sum but nothing that really stands out to me except for their Egg Yolk Bun. Their Chau Siu rice is amazing here thou.I hate the parking lot of this place as 80% of the spots are resevered for the store owners and you have to park so damn far.
I have ordered cakes from here a few times.  It is on the pricey side and the cake itself is very small.. I believe it was $28 for a rectangle cake.  I ordered the green tea cake twice and it is pretty good.  I also tried the macaoons there and it is decent but pricey.  The earl grey is okay.  I agree with everyone that the service is very bad here that is why I never tried the high tea.  As the place is already small and you still feel non-existence to the girl that works there.  Maybe she needs glasses or something but when someone stands in front of the counter looking for service you normally serve them and not pretend you not there.
Been here twice usually for their sport events.  Last time I went, I ordered the Loaded Lattice fries $12.99 for fries is super pricey, The big beef dip $11.99 and the Swiss Mushroom melt burger $12.99.  I shared this with my gf and portion was huge.  Quality is okay and atmosphere was good for the NFL and UFC fights.  Waitress was okay and did come check on his a few times.  They do have a outdoor patio as well.  Nice small place in Richmond Hill to hang out.  But I wouldn't drive all the way around town just to visit it.
Been to Yang's 3 times so far.  The place is nicely decorated in more modern style than most Dim Sum places.  They have private rooms as well which is pretty cool if you ever get one.  The dim sum is good and they have a few specialty such as Durian pastry.  I never tried it as I am not a fan of it but my Dad loves it a lot.  The place can get a tad loud but that is common for Chinese dim sum places where people gather around to talk.  Overall, price is average for dim sum in Richmond Hill as they are usually more upscale and pricey  than in Scarborough.  Good quality is good.
Ichiban is a small cozy Japanese restaurant in Richmond Hill.  I been here over 10 times in pass few years.  I used to come here a lot more often as this place been here for a very long time.  They have good maki rolls but their sashimi quality is not to par with other places. The price at Ichiban is very reasonable.  They can get full quick as they only have like 10 tables.  They have a photo album of all their food as the menu which is pretty cool.  Service is pretty good as well.  I see they have some very good maki party tray deals that might be worth a look.  Ichiban offers some pretty good signature rolls such as the No name roll.  The last few times I been here it seems like the quality is getting worst don't know if they have new staff.Update: Apparently they have a new owner that could be the reason for the recent decline at Ichiban.Rating:Service: 3/5Food Quality: 3/5Comfort 3/5Decor  3/5Value: 3/5Parking: 5/5
This place always seem to be empty when I go to pick up some cake.  I had dinner here once and it was okay.  It is more pricey than other Chinese restaurants.  I usually just come here when I have a sweet tooth - They have a good selection of cakes.  I tried most of their cakes - Cheesecake, Mango cake, Chocolate Grand Marnier and Strawberry meringue are my favorite.  It is around $4.50 a slice of cake but the portion is not that big.  8" meringue cake cost around $28 plus tax which is a little expensive.
I am a huge fan of Yogurty's.  I am so sad they took away the wafer flavor at this location. Hopefully it will be back soon. That was my fave.  Taro and Tart flavor are good as well.  I always load up my tub with cookie dough, brownies, cheesecake, the lychee bubbles, oreo, chocolate chips and coconut flakes.  The only thing bad about Yogurty's is that it seems to melt so quickly.  Sometimes it is already melting when you get it from the machine. So you have to select another flavor.  There are usually at least 10 flavors to pick from or you can have a twist of the 2 flavors they preselected.
Akasaka been in this plaza for ages.  The decor here is very nice - they have a Teppanyaki and a dining area.  We decided not to go for Teppanyaki and I am not a big fan of it.  The quality and presentation is good but that comes with a steep premium compare to other Japanese restaurants.  There was only 2-3 other tables at the place on a Friday night. I am not sure how they stay in business all these years.  Wait staff was friendly and attentive as well.Rating:Service: 4/5Food Quality: 4/5Comfort 3/5Decor  4/5Value: 2/5Parking: 4/5
Fraticelli's nicely decorated and the atmosphere felt very high class.  I love the booth seat they gave us as it gave you a sense of privacy.  Started with the appetizer - Fritto Misto.  The Calamari was over cooked but the shrimp was very tasty but too bad there was only 2 of them.  I had the 14 oz rib eye steak and it was very well cooked to my liking - medium rare.  Also had the flourless chocolate cake which tasted the ferrero rocher was amazing.  The service was very good as the server checked on us many times and was very patience with us.  Even giving us recommendations and describing each dish to us.  Overall, the food quality is pretty fresh and providing a relax dining experience.Rating:Service: 4/5Food Quality: 4/5Comfort 4/5Decor  4/5Value: 3/5Parking: 5/5
Terrible service and staff doesn't even speak English or Cantonese.  I didn't understand a word they were saying and it was even harder to ask for an extra bowl and chopstick. the staff were slow and show them chatting with each other and cracking jokes now and than when everyone is looking for them.  Food itself was bland and presentation was terrible.  Don't think i will come back for a 2nd visit with this bad service and subpar food.
Papa George is a small diner with around 8-10 tables that serves amazing HK diner food with a twist of Italian(mostly pastas).  I got the chicken steak with spaghetti.  The meal included soup which I didn't get to pick nor the server tell me what it was. It also included a drink.  The portion is a good size and the servers are friendly and attentive.   Will def be back for the baked pork chop or the spaghetti with meat sauce.
Chako KBBQ in Richmond Hill is huge compare to other KBBQ places so you don't usually have to wait to be seated.  The place is well decorated and looks clean.  The washrooms are nice and are individual.  The seating is a lot more comfortable than other places especially if you get the booth.  (other places with booth for KBBQ I know of it Kazan on Yonge street).  The meat quality at Chako is slightly better than the average.  If you go on weekends you can also order some sushi. Love the ice-cream as well and they do not have any limit on how many you want. Service is okay but can be slow and you need to ask to have the grill change.  The short ribs and the beef are my favourite for Chako.  They give you good appetizers as well.  They state on the menu that it is 2hr limit but they never enforce that.  Actually I do not remember any AYCE places that every kick you out if you stay more than 2 hrs.This is my order for KBBQ in Richmond Hill/Markham (Best to worst) - Chingu - Chako - Kazan- Korean Grill House.
Love how you can custom your noodle soup.  Start by picking a soup base (around 10 variety) The fish stock ones doesn't have MSG as well.  Next pick your noodles and 2 toppings from a large list. (Add $1.75 for an extra one).  You get a get a hot drink included (coffe, tea, etc) Can upgrade to other drinks for additional (eg cold drinks, lemon tea, read bean, etc). And lastly you can add a side for $2.75. (wings, pork chop, etc).  Portion here is Huge for $10.75. Price went up since the first time I visited but still not bad.  Overall pretty good place but it does get very busy during lunch/dinner time so prepare to wait.
Been here twice once for lunch and dinner.  I have tried the pad thai, green curry chicken with the roti, fried rice, yellow curry beef with roti and bunch of platters.  The roti itself is good at $2 each- they are big and fresh.This place is on the pricey side and I dislike the parking lot.  Also, I am not a fan of resturants that are dark. The wait time at this place can be long especially on weekends.  Oh yah, And they do not allow reservation so you should call in before you go.
This place is my all time fave BBQ place in the GTA.  Kum Hong has been open in this plaza since the beginning of time and brings back memories when I came here for lunch during High School.  The BBQ Pork (Char Siu) is amazing as it is the perfectly cooked and the fat ratio is good.  The Roasted pork is good as well and the skin is always crispy.  The price is decent for the amount of food you are getting.  This place is cash only.I think I tried almost everything in the menu and l liked almost everything they offered but my fave is the roasted duck and BBQ pork (char siu) for sure.  The place is very small and the line up usually hits the door.  Kum Hong is mostly a take out place as they only have 3-4 seats along the window for you to sit at.
Newest Nak Won opened close to my house so I headed over right away. This took over the Kazan location and the interior looked mostly the same as before.  Guess they didn't have to renovate as it was pretty nice inside already.  Seating here is comfortable and atmosphere is more relax compare to the North York location where is small and extremely busy.  They had a lot of staff which was friendly and prompt.How I miss this place as you get all the banchen!! Around 10 to be exact as I was so disappointed at the Owl in Richmond Hill last time I went there as they gave us only 2-3 banchen.Food is as good as all the other Nak Won and they even had purple rice as well.  Rating:Service: 4/5Food Quality: 4/5Comfort 4/5Decor  4/5Value: 4/5Parking: 4/5
Northen Dumpling Kitchen is my new fave dumpling place.  Been here 5 times in past 2 months.  Place is pretty small and they are cash only.  Price is very affordable here compare to Den Tai Feng.  10 dumpling for $3.99 !!  We also like the beef roll and onion pancake.  The Pork and Chives dumpling is the best I tried so far. The soup noodles were good as well and portion was decent. I only came here with 2 people each time and wasn't able to try a wide variety so next time I am going to invite my family along so we can get a loads of stuff.
Koi Sakana is a pretty small Ramen shop in Richmond Hill.  Not too many good ones up there but Koi Sakana is one you got to try.  Besides the limited seating they have 1 person all day working the tables and cleaning up.  Which can be very slow at times.  The noodles itself was very good and perfect chewy just the way I like it.  The soup base is good for all 3 Ramens we ordered.  The server was to allow us to swap the curry ramen that came with the Katsu to the spicy Tonkotsu Ramen.  Added like $1 more.  The other 2 we got were the House Tonkotsu and the Tonkotsu  Ramen. The best one is the House Tonkotsu Ramen it was very flavorful.
Small HK Style diner in Richmond Hill.  I only been here for the Afternoon tea set and it was very disappointing as the portion are tiny and menu is lacking. I think I will need to come back for their lunch or dinner menu.Staff here was friendly and prompt on service. Decor is nice as they try to make it trendy with movie, music band posters.
Before coming here, I knew not to have very high expectations. I know this from previous experiences that this place is not so great but I showed up for a birthday.  We had a large group and were seated at two long tables that were unfortunately separately to accommodate the large crowd.  The nice thing about it was that we were behind the DJ booth and in the back of the restaurant so it was more private and spacious for everyone to mix and mingle.  I ordered the Bruschetta, which was really delicious in my opinion, but could've used a little less tomatoes.  (Just a heads up, if you check in you get a free appetizer, thanks to Yelp).  For my main, I decided to go with the Lamb Burger - House made Lamb Patty, Pickled Red Onion, House Tzatziki, Crisp Lettuce and Crumbled Feta Cheese on a Toasted Brioche Bun with a side of salad.  I'd say that the burger was mediocre, nothing special and it only tasted OK.  Let's just say I didn't end up eating the whole thing.  I only ate half of it and left the rest.  Other than the not so great food, we had a really great waiter who was very accommodating and engaging. The other guy that was assisting him in serving the food, unfortunately, was not so great.  He got all the orders mixed up and was extremely disorganized.  One guy from our group wasn't allowed to have bacon on his pizza and he got pizza with bacon on it so they had to send it back to the kitchen to remake it.  All of us were halfway through dinner already before he even started eating. The DJ at the restaurant wasn't very good, he literally just sat there and played Top 40's music.  I would've much rather listened to the radio.  The people on the dance floor are creepy old dudes that stand around creepily watch girls dance.  Overall, good company and a fun night out but I don't recommend the food, crowd, ambiance or music.. Next!
The boyfriend tried this restaurant and asked if I'd be interested in trying it.  Thank goodness I did.  I'm a big noodle fanatic and I wasn't about to pass up this opportunity especially because he told me that they hand make and hand pull the noodles.  We went on a Saturday afternoon around 2pm and it was jam-packed, luckily for us we got a seat right away.  I ended up ordering the Hand-Pulled Noodle with Braised Beef Brisket.  The noodles were cooked to perfection and the broth was so delicious with just the right amount of spice that kept me wanting more.  The only downside to it was that the portion size was a bit smaller than I had expected.  I ordered a small and was still hungry after, which was unfortunate.  In terms of the customer service, given that they were really busy, was very quick.  But again, being an Asian restaurant they're all about getting their guests in and out quickly and effectively.  None the less, I am definitely coming back here and I highly recommend all those noodle fanatics out there to try it because it is magical!
Been coming here for forever.. Definitely my go-to restaurant if I'm craving for Pho.  The times when I'm not feeling too hot or the times where I need to cure a hangover.. You know what I'm talking about!  I am very particular with the taste of the broth and the type of noodles that are served in Pho and I must say that this place is my all time favourite so far.  It's close to home and I'm always afraid to try different places cause I've been disappointed a couple times.  The service is definitely not the best but they are definitely quick with serving the food.  The portion size is pretty decent for the price that you pay, although I believe as of recently they did up their prices a little.  Regardless, I'm sticking to what I know and what I like, and that's that!
Ever since I started coming to this restaurant, I feel that the food has gone downhill.  I came here yesterday and I was unimpressed.  We ordered the Tom Yam Seafood Soup, which is always my favourite.  No complaints there.  We also ordered the Roti and Curry Chicken and in my opinion, I thought it tasted very watered down and runny.  For our main dishes, we ordered the Pad Thai, Singapore Laksa and Indonesian Fried Rice.  The Pad Thai did not have much flavour to it, the Singapore Laksa lacked noodles and there was more broth than anything else and the Indonesian Fried Rice was your typical fried rice.  In addition to the not-so-yummy food, the service that was provided by our waitress left me a little annoyed.  Our waitress was rushing us to get out after our dinner service and asked us if we'd finished eating when we were only half-way done.  After a couple minutes, she returned and asked if wanted to pack everything to go.  She even decided that she'd bring us the bill as we packed our food without having us ask cause people were waiting to be seated.  The takeout containers she gave us hardly fit any of our food and we ended up squishing our food in the containers.  Overall, bad impression and I don't think I will be coming back here as often as I once did..
Destiny has definitely gone downhill since they opened.  I remember back in the day this was my go to bubble tea shop.  They had a wide selection of bubble tea and food but now it's crappy service and crappy food.  The bubble tea is overly sweet and the food is either really salty or the portion sizes had drastically gone down.  It's ridiculous how hard it is to get service and it took me at least two minutes to get a table last time I went and it wasn't even overly busy at 11pm.  I definitely recommend going elsewhere to get better quality and better tasting bubble tea for the same cost.
This place has a bright fuchsia pink sign which is nice because it's different from all the other Chinese restaurants out there.  But it's weird because the entrance of the restaurant is at the back.  I walked into the restaurant and it was packed!  It was decorated very modern and sophisticated.  It was also very clean, being a Chinese restaurant and I noticed all the waitresses wear flashing name tags.. pretty cool.  We were seated at the very back of the restaurant and we decided to order a Baked E-Fu Noodle that was a creamy cheese based sauce with shrimp.  The dish was a pretty big portion of noodles but the overall taste was a bit bland and there was a lot more noodles than shrimp.  We also ordered a Seafood Fried Noodle that had broccoli, scallops, squid, and shrimp on crispy egg noodles.  That was pretty good, but it was like your typical fried noodles, nothing special.  We also ordered a Spicy Salt Mushroom dish that was interesting, it was battered mushrooms with a little kick of spice to it.  That was a good side dish that was delicious, but a little salty on its own.  We also ordered their famous Baked Rice with Pork Chop Served in Bread Loaf with Curry Sauce.  You get to have a choice of chicken or pork chop with a curry or tomato sauce.  It was pretty interesting because the curry is covered with bread on the outside, but once you cut into the cube of bread, it's filled with rice on the inside.  I thought it tasted pretty good, except again, there was more bread and rice than meat. Most of the food is not traditional Chinese food, rather more Chinese fusion or cafe style.  Overall the presentation of all the food was very appealing and appetizing. Once we got the bill, they gave us complimentary desserts which was Mango Sago!  Exciting for me, as traditional Chinese restaurants always give Red Bean as their dessert.  Yuck!  As I was walking out of the restaurant to leave, I noticed they had iPads on the walls that allow people to use them while they were waiting to be seated!  I've never seen that before so one added star for that.  Other than that, it's not as wonderful of a kitchen as it makes out to be.
I'm kind of bias when it comes to this review on Omei. My whole family is considered extreme VIP here. We even know the names of most of the servers, waiters and waitresses there.  We come here religiously for dim sum on Sunday afternoons and all the staff here know what we like, where we like to sit and give us the best customer service I've ever had at a Chinese restaurant.  The managers and owner of Omei always thank us for coming to visit and dining with them.  It's my favourite dim sum restaurant, not just for the variety of dishes that they offer but also because they always offer a variety of desserts.  We've always been here for dinner services, which is always delicious.  They have the largest crabs and lobsters I've ever seen and they always present it to you, live, before making it into seafood dishes.  They have different ways in which they make the crab and lobster dishes.. One crab or lobster makes about four different dishes of just lobster or crab alone!  You can have the crab or lobster cooked any way you like whether it's rice noodles with garlic or steamed crab to a panko-like battered fried crab.  With that we always get fresh jellyfish, lobster and a variety of asian dishes and for dessert we always get three different choices.  They also have yummy mango glutinous dumpling with coconut shavings which is also made fresh daily.  Whether I am VIP here or not, I would definitely recommend checking out this restaurant for either dim sum or dinner service. All I have to say is, omei omei, oh my!
My friend and I came here for dinner and decided to sit on the patio since it was a beautiful day. The patio is spacious, modern and clean. I love the ambience of this restaurant, especially because every day they have daily drink specials. Once we were seated, we were greeted right away by a really sweet waitress named Emma. She let us know the daily drink specials and took our drink orders. She even recommended my friend the Moxies' style gin & tonic (which was delicious, might I add). After we got our drinks we ordered our food. I ordered the Salmon Banh Mi Sandwich with sweet potato fries as my side. The presentation of my food was nicely put together but I must say, I wasn't a fan of the sandwich. The texture of the salmon in the sandwich was not what I was expecting and tasted a little dry. I've never really been impressed with Moxies' food but for some reason I always come back. Other than that I only come back for the White Chocolate Brownie which is to die for! If it wasn't for that I'd probably only come back for the drinks and I'll remember to eat something beforehand. i don't recommend coming here for food because you will probably be disappointed.
Where do I start..I came here the first week it opened because I needed breakfast before work and I saw that they were giving away free small coffees for their grand opening.  The next couple of days, we were going religiously to receive our coffee.  The first day, it took a good five minutes to get our coffee.  Giving them the benefit of the doubt, that maybe they were new and the second time would be better.. The second and third time around, was the same thing.  There was even one time we ordered two regular coffees and one with one milk and the girl who was working there was so confused and had to ask us to repeat our order two or three times to get the order right.  We decided to walk-in one day, since the Drive-Thru takes forever, and it was packed!  The restaurant is very modern and clean and has a different layout than any other McDonald's I've been to.  They were taking orders and giving orders left, right and center.  Some guests were waiting two minutes for their food and coffee, others five or ten minutes.  They took forever to give us our coffee that day and they finally figured out the quickest way to get people in and out was to ask the guests for their receipt to get their food and drinks quickly.  The next time we came, we used a Buy One Get One Free coupon.  We ordered a Big Mac and a Quarter Pounder with Cheese (no pickles, onions or mustard) with pickles and onions on the side.  The supervisor that took our order through the Drive-Thru window was so confused as to what we were trying to order.  When we got to the window to pay, he had to re-read the coupon and told us we had to order a combo in order to receive the second sandwich free.  So we told him that the coupon actually states that you have to order a medium or large fries or a side salad.. so we went with medium fries.  Five minutes later waiting at the Drive-Thru, we get our food order and I look inside the bag and there was no extra packets of ketchup, two napkins and no pickles or onions on the side and a random mustard dipping sauce.  Then when we actually get home, I open up my burger to see if they messed up the order, and they ended up putting a piece of a pickle in my burger that looked like it was half eaten, and a blob of ketchup, no bigger than a size of a toonie.  I took the first bite of my burger and it was dry (with their being a blob of ketchup) and the cheese was not even fully melted.  The fries were cold and stale tasting and not filled to the top so we basically paid for a small fries.  I give this McDonalds one star for it's nice ambience but I think I'd rather travel a little further to get my orders right and not have to wait ten minutes each time for my food, being as McDonalds is a FAST-FOOD restaurant.
So my bestie and I decided that we would try 3 Brewers out for the first time.  I heard good things about it, although my experience from another location was awful.  I decided to give this location a chance.  We walked in and were seated right away and it was pretty packed.  There are a lot of TVs throughout the whole place, as well as a large screen projector at the back of the restaurant.  The bar area was very spacious and nightly lit.  The washrooms are nice and clean as well which is an added bonus.  Once we were seated.  We were able to take a look at the menu to see what they had to offer. Their food menu was interesting, looked like an old newspaper.  We were then greeted by a young lady who introduced herself to us and asked us if we decided on anything to drink to start with.  My bestie ordered a glass of Rose wine and I ended up ordering a Blonde beer.  As for food, she decided to go with their Mac & Cheese Grilled Cheese Sandwich and I got their Duck Confit Poutine.  My bestie said that their food was good, but very heavy and filling.  My poutine was delicious as well, not as salty as I thought it would be (that being a good thing, because from my previous experiences, my duck confit was extremely salty!).  Another waitress that served us our food, mentioned to us that the Duck Confit Poutine was one of their newer items on the menu and it was voted one of the better tasting poutines they offered, so I was definitely glad to hear that.  The original waitress we had was super friendly and patient with us and she politely let us know she was done for the evening and let us know someone else would be taking care of us.  Overall, I had a great experience here with good company, and I will definitely be coming back to try a couple of other items on the menu that caught my eye.
Been here a handful of times, I don't have much to say.  Every time I come here, it's just okay.  The ambience of the restaurant is nice, dimly lit, and it's an open concept kitchen so you get to see your food cooked in front of you.  For the most part, if they aren't too busy, you are greeted and usually seated right away.  I am usually seated in the booth seats, which are more comfortable and my preferred preference anyway.  I came here for lunch one time with a friend and had one of their sandwiches, which I thought was okay. Nothing special or spectacular about it.  I've also tried their Shrimp Angel Hair (Sautéed shrimp, roasted grape tomatoes and garlic, white wine, salsa verde).  I was actually a fan of this dish, surprisingly.  I've also come here another time for drinks and had their Rosso Sangria which is probably one of the best Sangria's I've had.  The first time I got the pitcher of Sangria, we had fresh fruits and ice in our cups.  But the second time we got the pitcher, we had a couple cubes of ice and little to none fresh fruits.  This is a big no-no for me as I like to have consistency.  I was thoroughly disappointed the second time around and did not want to be a prude and as for more ice and some more fresh fruits.  The only reason why I give Alice Fazooli's a 3-star is because the service here is not particularly the greatest and the food and drinks are pretty expensive.  If you're thinking of coming here for a full 3 course meal (drinks, appetizer, main course and dessert), be prepared to pay a good amount from your wallet.  The pitcher of Sangria was $26.. And as good as it tastes, that's all I'm saying. I might come back here from time to time for the drinks and POSSIBLY the food, but that's a big maybe.
I love Bombay's Chutney!  I am a regular here and it is definitely my go-to restaurant if I'm looking for a satisfying lunch on my day off work.  I admit, I do come as often as once a week sometimes because I cannot get enough of their Butter Chicken.  The lunch special of their Butter Chicken includes the Butter Chicken with your choice of Naan Bread or Rice and a side of salad.  I always end up getting their Naan Bread.. might I add that the piece of Naan they give you is enormous!  I've only come here a few times for dinner service and I have to say that the portion sizes for the lunch and dinner are exactly the same, so I'd rather just come here for lunch rather than paying more for dinner service for the same amount of food.  I think for dinner I've only ever tried their Lamb Tikka the very first time I came, but I wasn't a fan of it as was dry and tasteless.  I have yet to try their Tandoori Chicken, which is probably the only other dish I would try or their Samosas, which I've heard many good things about.  Maybe next time, if I go for dinner service, I will consider trying a new dish.  The customer service here is not always the greatest and really depends on whom is working at the time I go in.  They do not really seem enthusiastic about working there, especially when on the phone.  But I usually call in for take-out and by the time I get to the restaurant the food is ready for me to take home to eat so no complaints there. I highly recommend checking out the lunch specials! Mmm Mmmm Good!
A regular here at Turtle Jack's whether it's a Friday or Saturday night.  I love the ambience of this restaurant, especially with the heated fireplace once you walk into the restaurant.  You are always greeted within moments of stepping foot inside but you can usually find me in the bar area.  I only came here a couple of times for dinner but I have never been disappointed with the food.  The Chicken Fingers and the Blackened Chicken on Naan are my go-to dishes and I highly recommend them.  I've also tried their Beef Barley Soup, which I'm obsessed over, when I want something to warm me up.  As for dessert and to satisfy my sweet tooth, I HIGHLY recommend their Skor Brownie Obsession or their Fire 'N Ice as it is to die for!! I have yet to try any of their other desserts because I can't get enough of their Skor Brownie Obsession.  As for their drinks, the daily drinks specials are lacking a little.. The specials that they offer on Fridays and Saturdays are not that great, in my opinion.  If they had pitchers of beer or wine specials, I'd come on a daily basis.  But I mainly come after dinner just to hang out and have a drink with some friends and watch the basketball games.  The customer service here is phenomenal and being a regular, we always have the same waitress serving us, Julisa.  She loves what she does, she's enthusastic and friendly and very approachable. She's also always on top of topping you off with another drink or anything else you may need to make your experience a good one.  They also offer a TLC loyalty card, which entitles you to collect points so you can recieve a dollar amount credited to your loyalty card. All I have to say is, check out Turtle Jack's cause everyone needs some TLC!
This place is always packed, especially on Tuesdays because it's half price wings!  Like all St. Louis' they're pretty small and you have to usually wait to get seated. The first couple of times I came here, I was pleasantly surprised by the amazing customer service we had.  The restaurant owner, Tony is incredible and you can tell that he loves his job.  We were first introduced to him through a friend that worked there and because it was the grand opening.  He offered us a couple of appetizers on the house!  How awesome is that!?  Whenever we go there, he is always there to engage in conversations with us and if we request for the basketball game to be played on the TVs, he's more than happy to put it on for us.  The food is consistent with all the locations and I have yet to be disappointed by any of the dishes I've ordered. I'd have to say the last time I came here, the customer service wasn't as good.  It seemed as though they were short staffed on a Saturday evening, even with the winter weather.  The servers who worked there were not really professional.  One of them even asked us if 3 sets of cutlery were enough, when we clearly had 4 people seated at our table.  I was kind of dumbfounded when she asked that.  Also, we were only given 3 side plates as opposed to 4, even after the server said that she would come around again to give us another plate.  That's the reason why I can't particular give a 5-star but then again, maybe it was a one time thing.  On the upside of that, we were celebrating a birthday and they gave us the most delicious ice cream cake!  Regardless of the mediocre service we had the last time, I'm definitely coming back to St. Louis for wings and obviously their fries that are oh-so-addicting!
It's a good idea to make a reservation for this place as it gets busy (thanks to the other reviewers for this tip) . We had the fried egg yolk with prawn and pumpkin,  a vermicelli dish, soup and, garoupa belly with tofu, and the app-fried tofu. Everything was a notch up from other chinese restaurants. Our food arrived quickly and was mouth watering. It is definitely worth going back to try a few other dishes. The portions are large and we had 4 people (3 adults, 1 child) and lots of food leftover. They are really busy so don't expect them to be super friendly. I left satisfied and am currently so stuffed!
Ok so if you're in RH you know it's hard to find good carribean food. This place is good! Our oxtail was plentiful, soft, and the gravy was well done and not watery! Jerk chicken was juicy and tasty too. Definitely glad we tried this place out and will be back soon. Yum!
Well worth the trip. We had the durian pancake and mango special. It was fresh tasting, just sweet enough and they had great service. Super delicious and we cannot wait to go back. Bonus for opening later hours!
We came hopping we found a great ramen place near our home. Atmosphere was great - light and airy, well designed and inviting. Menu was awesome, not a ton of options and to the point, (I prefer that in ramen joints). Service was good - very attentive and friendly. Most importantly, disappointment in the ramen. We both had the black ramen which did not look like the pictures at all but still looked like a decent bowl of ramen. Noodles were great - nice and chewy. Soup and pork belly was a fail. The soup did not have that depth of flavour and was quite watery tasting and the pork belly was not as tender as it should be. The fat in the pork belly melted in your mouth but you're left chewing the rest of the meat that should be much more tender. It's too bad, this place looks so nice I really hoped it would be better.
Great local pho place and comparable to Little Saigon. The reason this is our regular spot is because staff is super friendly and consistent. Little Saigon disappointed us on a few occasions by not giving us extra lime, "because they ran out" (right), so we don't go back, though their pho is very good. It's not like we're asking for a whole lime tree, maybe just a couple extra wedges! Anyhow, Pho Tai Bac has delicious rolls and to date, it's the best I've had. Pho is awesome, portions are great and they have super hot pickled chilies! Great friendly staff, fast service and fresh food! We love this spot.Tip: eat in only. We ordered out once and it was AWFUL.
Big fat wontons, super hot and super fast service. Great cheap eats, (cash only), and satisfying. There is so much shrimp in the wontons and the chilli oil is so nice and spicy. If you're craving something soupy, savoury, shrimpy, with chewy noodles, this is a great option. Service is friendly and the food is as reflected in other yelper pics. Enjoy!
This is a regular spot for us and I've never reviewed it so here we go! Looking for soup dumplings on a budget that is comparable to another local fav: Ding Tai Fung? This is it. Okay, it's not the same BUT it's worth it! You will be satisfied with their soup dumplings. Note you do not come here expecting great service. Most staff don't speak English or even Cantonese well, best to come with a Mandarin speaking person. We also love the pan fried dumplings, rice cakes and mapo tofu - really nice flavour and just enough of that numbing spice. Quick service but like I said, don't expect typical north American customer service because you will be disappointed.
Great for your typical Cantonese style dishes - fried noodle, bbq items, congee, etc. Not spectacular but it does the job and it's a regular 'go-to' for us because we are in the area. This place is so busy most evenings and if you're calling for pick up, you may find the lady rude but she really isn't, she's just very busy and getting things done (lol). Most chinese restaurants won't get stellar customer service reviews so you should know that going in. Apart from that, it's pretty good and fast!
I think i found a hidden gem!!  On a Friday during lunch, I picked up a friend nearby and we were both craving for some good sushi but wanted to try somewhere new, so I went on yelp to do a search and found this place.  After reading Jenn K's review, I was sold!Glad i made the choice to come here, they have a wide selection of set lunches and they all range from $10 - $15 plus tax.  I went with one of the sushi combos that came with 7 nigiri sushi and 8 spicy salmon roll.  Decent portion for a sushi set lunch!  The set lunch also came with a salad with amazing dressing and a dessert which I went with the Green Tea ice cream.  We also ordered a Haru sushi to share, it's a 8 pieces roll with baked scallops in spicy creamy sauce on top of California Roll.  Delicious roll with good portion again, but make sure you give them 10-15 minutes to prepare.Overall experience was amazing!  Great decorations with great food AND great customer service.  What a great addition to the Markham/Richmond Hill area!
Authentic ramen is always a welcoming additional to the Markham neighborhood!  Koi Sakana is my latest find!  Came here on a weekday with a friend after hearing some positive feedbacks from this place.  On a weekday at around 7, there was no lineup, which was perfect considering the size of this restaurant is relatively small.My friend and I ordered the House Tonkotsu Ramen and the Spicy Ramen (Spicy level 2), both are $8.95.  Ramen looks legit with lots of ingredients, noodles texture is very chewy as well which if you had been reading my reviews, it is a MUST.  The Spicy Ramen, considering my friend went with Level 2, i found it acceptable although I don't eat that spicy, so if you LOVE spicy food, go with Level 3 instead and that should satisfy your cravings.  Did the ramen really wow me? Not really, but I though the price they charge is very low considering they offer you decent quality ramen with generous amount of ingredients.Definitely coming back to try other items on their menu in the future.
I'm a big fan of noodles and came across this place thanks to yelp when i was searching for nearby noodle places.  This place did not disappoint!  Their selling point is they do their own noodles and thus, it's supposed to be super chewy and it lived up to that reputation!  I had their hand cut noodles and regular noodles already and both were amazing!!  Soup base is very flavorful and if you are into spicy noodle soup, this place has those as well.  My bowl of beef noodle soup was amazing, beef was very tender and noodle is so chewy!One star off due to the a minor language barrier (they tend to speak mandarin only) and sometimes not as attentive.  If you go during lunch or dinner hours on weekends, good luck finding a table within 20 minutes.
Time to restart the reviews!!  I found myself an izakaya place in Markham!! Since I live in the area, it was always difficult to drive back to mid-town or downtown for some decent izakaya.  I'm glad Tsuki decided to open a second restaurant in Markham!First thing first, this place is nicely decorated.  I know this used to be a wings place and they kept the television stands, which is perfect if you want to enjoy some izakaya and watch some sports!  Otherwise the use of woods here really impressed me.The foods here are very decent.  I came here 4 or 5 times already and I would always order these two MUST EAT ITEMS: Butter Squid & Sesame Ice cream.  The butter squid just like its name, has very strong butter taste in it and it was delicious!!  The sesame ice cream i believe is made in house, very strong sesame flavour and if you have been living in Toronto for awhile, you know it's hard to find GOOD sesame ice cream!Lately, I would like to mention the staff there are super nice and always smiles and they do make the dinner that more enjoyable.If you are a beer person, go try the Asahi Black which is available in this izakaya if you haven't yet!
Nam is a new restaurant opened right at Leslie and 16th in a plaza behind a gas station.  It's very hard to spot, so I recommend setting up your GPS if you want to try this place.  Visited this place with a friend on a weekday for dinner and it was alright.This restaurant has a very cute decor, somewhat modern and trendy and I love the open concept kitchen.  Sort of makes you think you are eating at those wonton noodle soup place. We ordered a pho each and a veggie spring roll (rice paper one) to share.  The pho is decent as the amount of noodle and meat is very generous and their soup base is good. The soup base is not too salty like your typical 88 or super light where it feels tasteless.  The Pho here I would definitely recommend!  The spring roll we got was good too, but I felt the spring roll (veggie) didn't really have any flavours so I did not enjoy it that much.Overall not a bad choice if you want a quick pho near the 16th and Leslie area.
Mama Bear is the latest addition to the Taiwanese restaurants in Markham/Richmond Hill area, located on Highway 7 near Leslie where all the new condos are!Before I begin my review, I must warn the readers that this place serves Smelly (Stinky) Tofu and you can smell it as you walk into the restaurant.  So if you cannot stand the smell of the Smelly (Stinky) Tofu, I would recommend you ask someone to just buy you takeout instead of dining in.I came here with a friend after work on a weekday at around 630 and it was pretty packed already.  The wait wasn't too long, but if you don't like the Stinky Tofu smell, the wait seems a lot more painful.  Anyways, after adjusting my nose to ignore the Stinky Tofu smell, I sat down and ordered the below must try items in any Taiwanese restaurants.1) Beef with thick noodle (substituted the thin noodle) - the noodle was chewy and the overall of the noodle soup was decent, but it is not as good as Papa Chang (another Taiwanese restaurant in Markham)2) Popcorn Chicken - Chicken was nicely breaded, seasoned and fried, however, the portion was less than Papa Chang.  Taste wise, the two restaurants are pretty even.3) Braised Pork Rice Combo - for only $8.99, i think this was the best deal on the menu, the rice was big and it came with 3 side dishes!! However, the Pork Rice was again not as good as Papa Chang.In conclusion, if you can stand Smelly (Stinky) Tofu or even want to eat some Smelly Tofu with other Taiwanese dishes, then you must come to Mama Bear because Papa Chang does not serve smelly tofu.  However, if you are not a big fan of smelly tofu and just want some good Taiwanese food, then I would highly recommend going to Papa Chang instead.
Inatei is a pretty decent Japanese restaurant in uptown.  Although the owner of this restaurant is Chinese, the food they serve is still somewhat authentic.  The sashimi is very fresh and they have a good selections of fish you can choose from.  They have weekly or even daily special fish where you can order the whole fish and the chef will create at least 2 dishes for you.Environment is very cozy and the seats are very comfortable.  Servers are very attentive and friendly and is always there to check if we are having a good time or not.  Food in general is decent for the price you pay.  If you want decent sashimi and sushi, I would recommend this place!
I am very surprised to see many bad reviews for this restaurants.  I came here twice so far within the last 6 months and both time I had a wonderful good time at Fraticelli's.  The server that was serving us did say they had new management around more than half a year ago, so maybe the foods are a lot better than previously.The decoration in this restaurant is nice, although I have to say it was a little dim, but it didn't bother me that much.  My most recent visit is when they were having a special lobster menu and they were very appealing.  For a dinner for three, we ordered the following items:Calamari Alla Griglia - appetizerLobster Bisque - appetizer (soup)Caesar Salad - appetizerAmericana Pizza - Main (Pizza)Chicken Alfredo Fettuccine - Main (Pasta)Pappardelle Alla Bolongnese - Main (Pasta)That is quite a lot of food for 3 people! Out of all the food above, I was most impressed with the Grilled Calamari (Calamari Alla Griglia), Lobster Bisque and the Bolongnese.  The salad is average, but the pizza, I thought it was very dry and I prefer the Pizza Hut style pizzas!The calamari was displayed very nicely and with the sour sauce on top, it created a good chemistry.The Lobster BIsque had very strong lobster flavour which was fantastic for a lobster bisque lover like me.The Bolongnese sauce was great, the server did recommend us to add Meatballs on top and I did, but I thought the meatballs were not that good and if I can redo this, I would prefer eating the pasta by itself.  The texture of the pasta was normal, definitely not as al-dente as the bigger name Italian restaurants in downtown such as Terroni (I wrote a review for Terroni too!)  To end the night, we wrapped up with a Latte.  The latte was great, but I was hoping a little bit of latte art on top. Overall, I would give this play a 4 for offering solid environment, appetizers and pastas!
Deer Garden is very well-known in Vancouver and they decided to expand to Toronto a year ago.  I already came to this place a few times and they are always busy during lunch and dinning hours!  Unless you are willing to wait, I would recommend going somewhere else or come during non-peak hours as the waiting area is kind of small.I must warn everything that this place has close to ZERO customer service which is not that surprising from a Chinese owned restaurant!  If you are a BIG fan of customer service, then please step out of the door now.Their #1 selling item on the menu is the fish soup noodle.  Indicating it contains no MSG really makes a lot of people happy nowadays.  As a beginner with fish soup, I would recommend just playing it safe by either selecting Original Fish Soup or GIngko and pepper fish soup as your soup base, which both have strong fish soup flavour with the latter for the spicy lover.  For noodles, I would recommend the Rice Noodle (Thick) or Flat rice noodle.  For toppings, since you are only allow to choose two without additional cost, my recommendation is to choose two toppings between fish filet, fish puffs, fish tofu and cuttlefish slice.  Drinks can be whatever preference you want and if you also want side orders, feel free.  Just a note, you can ask for no cabbage or other standard toppings that comes with the soup.For a noodle soup with 2 toppings and a hot drink for $8.95+tax is a little expensive for noodle soup.  If you want a less MSG meal and want to try some fish soup noodle soup in Markham/Richmond Hill area, I would recommend giving this place a try!
I really wish they stick with milk tea only, because if they only serve milk tea, this place would be 5 of 5 easily!  But i guess since they wanna earn more money and make use of the large area, they started serving hot food here too.  Hot food is relatively cheap, but the quality is pretty darn bad.My 3 stars rating is due to their great milk tea but terrible food! You want top quality milk tea in Markham, this is the place to be!  Very strong tea flavour and tastes great!  I highly recommend trying the milk tea cold/iced but make sure you pass on the food completely.
Scaddabush finally expanded into Markham!  I went to the Mississauga location a year ago and really enjoyed my time there as the food and environment were perfect.  So when they opened in Markham, I came here with a friend on a weeknight craving for some pastas!Reservation was easy, they have OpenTable so it makes the booking experience very easy and seamless.  Requested a booth using booking and the server took us to a very comfortable booth seats.  For two people, we ordered the Prosciutto Mozzarella to start, Tuscan salad to get some healthy in our system, Large Capri pasta as main and wrap the dinner up with the Baileys Express to share.I was very impressed with every dish, the Prosciutto Mozzarella was great for 3 people, the cheese was amazing and it complemented well with the sea salt and prosciutto.  Salad was also surprisingly amazing, I am not a big salad guy especially salads with seeds, but the Tuscan salad was amazing!  I love the dressing pairing up with kale and some seeds which brings out some bitterness from a vinegar base dressing.  The Capri is probably the most disappointing dish out of all, although it's still decent in terms of the seafood and sauce it comes with, the pasta itself was a little overcooked, but this could be because the sauce soaked it up a little too much.Baileys Express is a MUST if you are a big coffee lover, strong coffee with Baileys actually tasted very good, my friend almost wanted to drink the whole thing from me!Overall, Scaddabush is a great newcomer in Markham area and is a must try place if you want some decent Italian food.
This place have done its job representing Taiwanese food and snacks! There plenty options to keep you coming back for more, the portion size is generous, they priced their food fairly. Definitely will go back for more.
Worst place ever, the food in the picture didn't transform into anywhere alike in reality. The taste was off, and the appearance was okay, nothing special. The service was hard to get.
The best curry crab in Ontario, must order the freshly baked bread. The lamp chop and full plate appetizer are another must order for me when I go to this place. It is better for you to come in a large group so you can order more and you will. I will advice to make a reservation during weekend for dinner, but you will still have to wait a little.
Service is good, food is great but the service is below average. The place is always packed with people regardless if it was weekend or not. The food comes out fast so not much a wait time after you have been seated. But don't expect a warm welcome smile or attitude from the host.
Sashimi are always fresh, the price is relatively low for its quality and the waiting time is short. I always order their salmon neck and kalbi! But the place is too small for any large party and the seats are not always the best option to do catch up with friends. Overall, I would recommend this place as my top sushi places!
A more upbeat and contemporary northern Chinese restaurant. The foods are not always consistent, one time they may nail but the others may be a total miss. The price is on the expensive side for this type of restaurant but the place is well decorated.
If you only have 20 minute lunch break, this is the place to go. Typical hong Kong cafe food and price.
A hidden gem among the all the Chinese restaurants in the plaza. A small but good quality place for sashimi! The price is a tat high but it is acceptable to pay another visit.
This restaurant is alright. I've been here a couple of times for lunch because it's close to where I work, it's cheap, and it's quick.The service is a hit or miss depending on which server you get. I always see the same employees there each time I visit. One Asian lady is always really nice and approachable where as the other older Asian lady is the opposite. I specifically remember one instance where I asked for a split bill, the older Asian lady pretty much said no and wouldn't allow it... She was very rude and awkward about it. Not sure why, as I've had no troubles splitting bills before in past visits (with the other server). The food is decent. I've tried a few of the lunch specials: curry dishes, pad thai, and Singapore laksa. They are all generously portioned with great prices. Nothing really stood out to me too much but you get what you pay for. My favourites would be the green and golden curry dishes as they have much more flavour than the others. I would not recommend the Singapore laksa - this was super bland and just didn't taste good in my opinion. Overall, I would probably come back even though I'm not the biggest fan just because it's convenient for me. You can get a pretty good deal here, especially during lunch hours!
Scaddabush is one of my favourite Italian restaurants! I've been to both the downtown and the new Richmond Hill location many times. The difference is the service. At this one, I always have a wonderful time. Every server I've had here thus far has been so great that I tend to remember their names. Daniel is really funny! And Stephanie is so nice and sweet. Since I like it so much, I came here again last night for Valentine's Day.Appetizers: Spinach & Artichoke Dip - my personal favourite. I get this at every restaurant I go, but I absolutely love it here! The dip is so flavourful and creamy. It's a must try.Stuffed Meatball - very good but it's a bit big. We weren't able to finish this, as there was too much meat for me. Mains: Lobster Spaghetti (social) & Pesto Pollo (small) - I'd highly recommend either of these items under the pastas because they are just so tasty! However, the social size is huge! Probably best for 4 people to share. NOT two. We ordered the social size for one of the dishes with the intention of having a little bit of leftovers to bring for lunch the next day but this was still too much!Unfortunately, everything came out pretty much all at once, which was what we didn't want. We wanted to pace ourselves and our server, Stephanie, kindly understood and was extremely apologetic about it. She quickly offered to ask the chef to remake certain items and insisted on giving us complimentary drinks and desserts on the house. We loved her positive attitude.I'd recommend this place to anyone who likes pasta and pizza! But they also have other items if you don't like those. Scaddabush will continue to be one of my regular go-to restaurants.
I love this place so much. I am a regular and I always get the pork broth + garlicky soup + thin noodles + pork shoulder. Yum. Definitely my favourite ramen place in the Richmond Hill/Markham area. The speed of the service is quick, the servers and chefs always have a positive and friendly attitude, and the atmosphere of the restaurant is very relaxed and clean. The prices are pretty standard and one bowl of ramen usually fills me up (though I do find the portions a tad bit smaller than some other ramen restaurants I've been to).Clearly, I don't have any complaints and I would recommend trying this place out, especially if you are a fan of ramen dishes. I will certainly try to expand my selection of food in the future, as the restaurant does offer many other items in addition to just ramen. Overall, Touhenboku is a great place to have a sit down meal that is fast, affordable, and satisfying!Tip for a free drink of pop: show them your student card for the student special :)
I had a good time at this restaurant. However, I expected a bit more after reading many exciting reviews. The food was tasty, but the service was just average. It's a bit pricy, but I'd say it's worth it. I had the Course D dinner meal for two which came with 2 wakame salads, mushroom soup, 18 pcs sushi and maki, 20 pcs sashimi, and 2 ice creams. Also ordered the Orangeville roll on the side because it's a popular item. The food came out in a boat which was really neat and presentable. It was all delicious and fresh, but my favourite was the Orangeville roll - so yummy!
Deer Garden has instantly become one of my favourite restaurants to go to for Chinese noodle soup! I have been here a couple of times now and it never disappoints. I love the concept of their ordering style for noodle soup dishes. You are given a sheet of paper with the following categories: soup base, toppings, type of noodles, drink, extras/etc. Under each category, there is a variety of options to choose from for you to customize your dish. The portions are huge, priced at $9.75. Worth it! The service however is just OK. As expected for a Chinese restaurant. What you choose to include in your bowl will differ based on your personal preferences. I usually get the Malaysian Laksa or Tom Yum soup base - I find these two to be more flavourful/salty/sour, which I love. There are LOTS of toppings to choose from, and after trying a few, I just go for some of the lighter veggie options now (seaweed, bak choy) as the meat usually fills me up way too much. I've only tried the hot HK milk tea in regards to the drinks, and it tastes pretty bland. I'm not really a fan of most of the hot drink options, but you have to pay extra if you want your drink cold...I haven't tried any of the other food items at Deer Garden yet, but I would recommend coming here for the noodle soup. It's affordable, tastes great, fills you up, and has a lot of variety!
I finally got to try this place recently. The restaurant was bigger than I expected and had a nice atmosphere to it. They have generous portions and fair prices for their food. I got the roti with beef curry and chilli chicken curry for two. Both were tasty! I especially liked the beef curry. The chilli chicken was a bit too spicy for me even though it only had 1 spicy symbol, so I wouldn't recommend it for those of you who can't handle a bit of spices. We weren't able to finish the chilli chicken either, so we packed it to go and ate it a few hours later and it still tasted great!
Haru was awesome! Got take out on a Thursday night. While we waited, we were served tea which was really nice. They were very accommodating to requests to torch sushi or remove ingredients from rolls. Got dynamite roll, spicy salmon, torched salmon sushi, and red devil roll. All were really fresh and tasted amazing. I'll definitely be back again soon.
One of my go-to restaurants. I usually get takeout, but the food is always packed to the brim. I recommend the chili fish, general tao chicken, and pad thai. Great value and great taste (especially if you like spicy food)!
Tomo is awesome! Great fast service. The angry salmon roll is my favourite special roll. The tuna tartar and salmon sushi are also very light and fresh. You can definitely tell Tomo uses good quality ingredients.
4.5Ok where has this place been all my life and why have I not been here until now? No seriously, when did this place open? I've know the La Rocca name for many years, and rightfully so. Their cakes are awesome and a great choice for any special occasion, or just when you want a good ol' slice of cake. The creative kitchen is bright, spacious, and aesthetically pleasing. It's contemporary appearance is very inviting. You are engulfed in a pleasant, fresh aroma upon entering - and you can see the beautiful dessert creations on display. I tried a cookie bar, yuzu-coconut mousse, and apple tart. The cookie bar was moist and perfectly sweet. The yuzu-coconut was incredible - very refreshing and great tropical flavours (yuzu is a bit citrus-y). And the apple tart was decorated beautifully and tastes great too!! Loses half a star from me because the prices are a bit high. The full cakes are definitely reasonable - but individual desserts are a bit pricey (think Nadege). I'll be back soon though!
4.5I don't know why Hillcrest Chatime has a low rating, it's great!! First off, Chatime has got to be my all time favourite bubble tea place. I mean you can't beat the variety and taste. Not to mention the tapioca is perfectly chewy without being overly mushy. And how about that grass jelly roasted milk tea? FYI Chatime has limited editions t shirts right now made by Peace Collective which are available in all stores and say just that (Grass Jelly Roasted Milk Tea along with others adorning Chatime is bae, or Chatime anytime). Perhaps in the beginning Hillcrest Chatime was slow at operating, but now they are fast and efficient. They also just renovated their storefront for a sleek, modern appearance. Of course the quality of drinks is consistent throughout all of their stores. I recently tried the new holiday shimmering drinks. The hibiscus passion fruit tea was awesome! Such a pretty colour and tastes great too! It's light and refreshing and not overly sweet. It also has edible sparkles in it. The holiday drinks are available for limited time, and 10% of the purchase on the drinks goes to SickKids hospital which is amazing! Of course I'll be back at Chatime soon, probably tomorrow!
Ah Joe's, another hidden gem. It's easy to miss Joe's due to its location, but loyal fans know where it is by heart. I've been going to Joe's for quite some time, and I am pleased to say the quality has been consistent throughout the years. Joe's has also recently renovated their space so it looks a lot better than before. My go to item every single time is the falafel in a whole wheat pita. When you order, there usually is a bit of a wait time, but they have become increasingly faster over the years. Once your fresh, crispy falafel is made, you can choose all the fixings' to your heart's content! Caramelized onions, cabbage, lettuce, tomato, hot peppers...customize to your liking and top with your choice of tahini, hot sauce or garlic sauce (or all 3). At around $10, it truly makes the perfect meal, lunch or dinner...So filling, and very satisfying. Every time I visit, I'm hungry for more. I'll be back soon.
3.5 It's definitely not a bad choice. The service is really fast and friendly. The food itself is ok. The vegetarian pad Thai I had was fresh, nice crunch from the peanuts, and great tang from the lime juice sprinkled on top. The pricing is also comparable to other restaurants in the area. I'll definitely visit again.
Xe Lua, commonly called Train, is a great spot for pho! It's a relatively new restaurant, but it will instantly be a staple for your weekly restaurant rotations. The spacious interior is clean and bright and you are seated almost immediately, especially during lunch hours. Pho is their speciality, but they have some great soups and rice dishes as well. My favourite item here is the Tom yum soup broth with fish and vermicelli noodles. It's quite spicy, but very, very delicious. The dish comes out piping hot and is garnished with coriander. More recently when I visited, I couldn't find this exact item, so it just opted for the soup version with no noodles. Still tastes just as great! Unfortunately they don't have many vegetarian or fish options, but I do always enjoy my Tom yum soup and can't complain about the service or price! A great choice if you're in the area and wanting some authentic pho!
3.5 Passed by this corner on Yonge st and decided to venture in. The restaurant has a clean, contemporary appearance. Upon entering I was greeted by the restaurant staff right away. After looking at the menu, I decide on a veggie roti, made with potatoes and chick peas inside a tightly wrapped roti (a.k.a shells). Everything is made fresh upon order, which takes about 15-20 minutes if you don't call in ahead. The wait was made short by customers and staff chatting with you. I wanted to try something called "doubles" as well, and these sell out very fast earlier in the day. They had one "shell" left and I ate that as my veggie roti was being prepared. It was spicy and a bit sloppy when eating it, but it was quite good. Next came the veggie roti, this was much easier to eat. Great flavours and very authentic! In all a solid choice for your next meal.
Restoran Malaysia is great!! Unfortunately they don't take reservations, but you are seated relatively fast. For lunch you will definitely get a seat without waiting...dinner on the weekends is a different story. Nonetheless you are seated relatively fast (or you could just call ahead and opt for take-out and the food still tastes just as great). I've come here quite a few times and the food quality has stayed consistent throughout. The servers are also very friendly and easily split bills with your party. I have lots of favourite items here, and they have a good variety of dishes from the Malaysian/Thai region which are quite outstanding compared to other Thai restaurants in the area. The kuay tow flat noodle beef dish is quite good, along with Indonesian nasi goreng fried rice (served with shrimp chips), the curries (all are great, but if you can't handle spicy - don't get Thai green curry), Tom yum soup, and mamak me goreng (a thick egg noodle type dish with chicken and shrimp as main ingredients). Pass on the Pad Thai, I wouldn't say it's their speciality. The desserts are also not bad (sticky rice cake), but I would just stick with the main food items. Make sure you bring cash though as they don't accept credit cards. The prices have gone up more recently, but it's definitely reasonable and comparable to other places in the area...the only reason why it's not a 5 star review from me.
3.5-4That's Italian was pretty good! Came here for lunch on a weekday and got seated immediately without a reservation. The restaurant was quite easy to find and there is ample parking in the parking lot. The restaurant is very clean and is decorated modernly - yet still has a nice home-y feel to it. The server provided us with the daily special as well as the full menu (there's no special menu for lunch). I tried the daily special which was gnocchi in a cheesy sauce with truffle oil and mushrooms, as well as the nodini as an appetizer. The fresh bread and nodini came first and that was absolutely delicious! Nodini is a pizza dough twist with garlic and cheese sprinkled on top. It was perfectly crispy and great for sharing. The gnocchi came next and it was delicious as well. Perfectly cooked, and the flavours were incredibly rich. A classic dish executed amazingly. However, the sauce was a bit heavy. Next time I would opt for a tomato sauce as gnocchi tends to be very filling, and the creamy sauce made it even more filling. If you have a big appetite, it's perfect! The service was great! Very fast, friendly and courteous. The lighting was also perfect for food photography, which us Yelpers really appreciate ;) It is a bit on the pricey side, but definitely worth it. I'll add this to my list of places to visit regularly.
This is honestly one of my favourite restaurants ever. I eat sushi a lot, and AOI is so, so awesome! I've come here for lunch and dinner many many times and every time I enjoy my meal thoroughly. The food quality is consistently amazing! Immediately upon entering you're greeted by friendly staff. There are little booths to sit in which gives you privacy from other people in the restaurant making the atmosphere comfortable and personal. The staff know my order so well now and ask if I want to see a menu or just stick with the usual. I always like to see the menu just in case, but I have my stable items. I love the crazy salmon roll which is deep fried and spicy, so delicious.The salmon teriyaki is also so good! It comes out sizzling on a bed of veggies. It's juicy and so flavourful. Recently I tried the salmon lover roll and it was incredible. Torched salmon on top of a salmon- asparagus roll - unbelievably good. At lunch the salmon teriyaki bento box is my go to, and the salmon sushi is quite delicious as well. I always get free side dishes as well like salad and soups which is a really nice touch. Oh and from 3-5, your meal is 20% off (sashimi is 10% off), which is AWESOME! Looking forward to my next visit!!
Their HK milk tea is amazinggg. Worth coming here just for that. The right amount of evaporated milk mixed in, very full-bodied tea. One of the few places that I know of where you can order S-M-L for milk tea. Their egg tarts and buns are okay. Not the best I've had though, which is why I took off a star. But because of how busy this place gets, there are constantly new batches being made so they are pretty fresh.Quick service up at the cashier & tea bar. The ladies up in the front are nice & efficient. Seating is always filled up on weekends, so it can get tricky to find a place to sit and eat. Buns/pastries are slightly more expensive in comparison to other Chinese bakeries (i.e., approx 20 cents more per item), but the quality/taste isn't necessarily any better.Coming back regularly for their milk tea, but probably not for their pastries/buns
It's a nice little patisserie/cafe that seems like a hidden gem amongst the rest of the places at Times Square Mall.First time at Ruelo was just to drop in for a quick coffee with a friend. I ordered a coffee, friend got a cappuccino, and we both got a couple of different macarons each. The girl in the front told us to take a seat, and a couple minutes later she brought out our order. The macarons were a nice texture -- nice crunch on the outside, good chew on the inside. Had a ganache filling which I prefer to buttercream fillings. We tried the "Ruelo" (milk chocolate ganache with a praline center), pistachio raspberry, blueberry lemon, rose lychee raspberry macarons. Nice interesting flavour combinations, all well done. The blueberry/lemon one was a little TOO blue...colour stuck to our teeth. Second time at Ruelo was to use a Groupon for Afternoon Tea (62% off). Very pleasant experience with this. Had to make a reservation a couple weeks in advance. Girl on the phone was very nice over the phone, even when I had to reschedule a couple times. Cafe was nice and quiet on a weekday, although there were several customers coming in and out for take-out orders/purchases. When we sat down at our reserved table, the girl brought us a tray of small tea tins for us to choose our tea from. Some of them smelt sooo nice. Our tea came out first, then within 10-15 minutes the girl brought out our 3-tiered afternoon set & explained what each item was. That was really nice that she did that so we knew exactly what we were about to eat. All the food was created with attention-to-detail and care, it was very good! The middle & top tier were quiet heavy on the stomach, but yummy! The only thing I didn't like in the set was the green tea sesame macaron -- too much sesame flavour and too much green food colouring. Overall, this place is quite nice & I'll definitely come back here once in a while.
Came here to try their HK milk tea after reading so many good thing about it. Since I am already in love with the milk tea at Lucullus, I couldn't help but compare this place to them. I was hoping that the milk tea would be even better here, considering all the hype, but I'm disappointed to say that it wasn't... Was happy to see that they had several sizes to choose from. I ordered a large and it came out to $3. Marathon's large is the same size as Lucullus' medium, and also more expensive! Which would be fine if they were better. The tea itself was okay from what I could tell, but it was hard to judge because it was just was wayyy way too milky. I basically couldn't finish it for that reason. Womp womp. Maybe someone was a little distracted when they were holding the can of milk over my cup... The place itself is like your typical HK style cafe. Didn't order any food but it looked like they had some good specials/combos available. I would maybe come back to try their HK-style breakfast if I was craving it, and to give their milk tea another try since so many people seem to love it.
Been coming here fairly regularly for years (dating back to when it was Gal Sushi here).  Its impossible to find another place that gives the same quality and quantity for their low price!! Have yet to find another place that gives nearly the same amount for $7.99 (lunch) and all-day boxes for $10.99. The fish is sliced proportionately, and the fish-to-rice ratio in the rolls/sushi is great. Some people here are complaining about the staff/service, but even though there is usually only one waitress that might not always seem the most friendly, she is very efficient and gets the job done despite often having a full restaurant to serve by herself.Will continue coming back to this place as my go-to sushi restaurant.
Nice to see a Korean place open up around this area since there aren't too many otherwise (unless you go to Yonge+Finch). Their staff are friendly and polite. Their banchan were all really good!! I would have asked for so much more if only I had more room in my stomache. I had the seafood soft tofu soup which was delicious too & nice plentiful amount of seafood in it. Can't wait to come back again!
Been here several times now, and I find the food is just so-so...nothing amazing. Not very "authentic" either. But there's not that much else around the area. The interior is pretty nice!
This place does their food really well. Probably one of the best tasting and most authentic Vietnamese food in the area. Cash only & no takeout orders though.
I come here at least once a week. Its a take-out kind of place. Dont expect any fancy seating. If you looking for classically cooked "chinese meats hanging in a window", then this place is for you. The quality is always good and always reliable. Its like the mcdonalds of chinese cuisine; its the same anytime you go!
Im surprised to see low ratings for this place. I have been here a few times, and its always been excellent. I usually get the sambuca shrimp; its always tasty. The atmosphere is nice too, but its not exactly family friendly. I saw Chef Massimo here once too.
I can see why this place has a high average rating. Its got quality, fresh food, a creative menu, and good service. The soup (whos name escapes me right now) they give you as a sampler was so good that i seeked it out on the menu to order a proper helping. Its a nice clean place, but usually busy. Its further from my house than i would like otherwise i would go more often.
Three star average rating for this place? Come on! No way! Its at least 4, maybe 4.5. The place looks great, the food is great, and the service is exquisite (wink;)The sesame tuna appetizer is awesome! The  sticky toffee pudding is incredible! The steak is always properly cooked to specification! I cant believe some of the reviews im seeing on here. Way better than the Keg or any other restaurant in this plaza.
I was not impressed by this place. Yes the decor is nicer than most KBBQ places, but the food is subpar by far.  There are two problems with the meats: first, the cuts are too thick; the meats (especially the short ribs) need to be smaller and THINNER; the thin cuts of meat have a better surface area to grill ratio for in table cooking, which is critical for KBBQ; second problem is flavor; all the meats didnt have a rich, deep flavor i usually associate with KBBQ self grill meats. The gold standard for me has always been Korean Grill House, to which i have been going for over 15 years. The food at this place is nowhere near the quality of KGH. I went back to this place a second time, to give them a chance, and was utterly disappointed again. I will NOT be going back.
Its more than just another franchise restaurant. Its a nice looking place with an extensive menu and good food. The best part is that its very big and seating is plentiful so u rarely have to wait. We usually go here for mothers day brunch and its just the right amount of busy (not empty, but not overcrowded and loud). I likez it.
This place is just bad. Okay, not just bad, REALLY bad. I consider myself somewhat of a Connoisseur of chinese cuisine, and this place is maybe the worst i have come across in a long time in the gta. Here is why;Its new looking, and well appointed with fancy chandeliers, but dont let that fool you. Look up CLOSE and you will see that the place is actually filthy. We got there just when the place opened, at 11:30 on a sunday morning, and the chairs we were seated in were clearly dirty, and we had to wipe them down with wet wipes. There was also some wierd looking plum on the floor under the chair. I casually inspected a few other tables and they clearly had the same problem. Im guessing its because saturday night is a busy night and they didnt have time to clean up. Not a good start. We had a group of 5, so ordered a few dishes. I will comment on a few. The Peking duck was good. Not great, but adequate. You would expect however that for $40 you would get a bit more than just the first usual course of the cut up outer part, but also some part of the rest of the duck made into another dish or at least the meat pieces by themselves on a separate plate; but no, there was no second duck dish forthcoming which was very disappointing. Many chinese restaurants cut up the rest of the duck and turn it into a supplementary dish or dice it up and let you eat it with lettuce pieces... Not this place though. Its clearly a money grab. They use the rest in other dishes for extra $ flow. I should also mention that they dont cut up the duck in front of you, which is the usual way i have seen it done. Are you actually getting a whole duck, which is what you pay for? Maybe, but i suspect probably not.... Just an observation. Next egregious error imho was the fried rice. You would think fried rice is a dish that you cant screw up, but they manage. We got the shrimp/pork fried rice. It was just aweful. Minimal if any shrimp or pork, and the rice was dry and hard, and lumpy; it looked like it was thrown together VERY quickly, with no attention to how it actually turned out. It was bland and tasteless. A disaster dish. Embarrassing for a chinese restaurant to put out. Final dish i will mention is a lamb dish. Lamb is a difficult meat to cook properly, so its not a surprise the amateurs in this kitchen would totally screw it up. Seasoning is important to any dish, but dumping  haf a pound of chilli peppers on top of a random meat is not seasoning. Its just wrong. It removes any other flavor that may (or may not) have been there. Just amateur. On top of all of that, the service is slow, and certainly not with a smile. Better bring cash or debit card too, as thats the only payment they will accept, just to make sure they gauge you for every last cent they can. If you are looking for quality chinese food in the area there sre much, much, much better choices in the area that are equally nice, better priced, and more importantly have much better food. Im am writing this review about 15 minites after leaving this place after my one and certainly final visit to this place, in the midst of some serious gastrointestinal upheaval, not a surprise by any means.... IF you choose to eat here, good luck.
A great Shanghi food restaurant. Maybe not the best in toronto, but at least in the top three of the many I have sampled. Went on a sunday morning at 11:00 (when it opened). It was not empty but not way overcrowded like Ala Kitchen or Ding Tai Fung at First Markham Place. The location is nice and accessible and parking is easy too. Its in the location where Akbane AYCE sushi restaurant was before. They improved the space though and its not as dark & dreary as it was during the Akbane era.  Its nice and clean too, at least in the dining area (i did not have a chance to visit the washroom facilities). The menu is nice and easy to read and understand and has pictures for the non chinese speaking white guys such as myself. Its a full menu but not too extensive. You find all the Shanghi dishes you are looking for. The quality of the food is superb as well, and its authenticity as genuine Shanghi food was confirmed by the wife, who is from Shanghi and speaks Shanghinese. I would certainly go back. My rating for itbwould be 4.5, but im rounding down, only because its relatively a bit more expensive compared to other Shanghi restaurants (which are in general a bit more expensive than the average chinese restaurant). And they accepted credit card, which was nice. A winner in my opinion.
Its a new place. I only got take out but the dinng room looks nice. A bit dark (needs more lighting) but overall nice. They have the customary hanging meats at the front which is nice since thats what i usually get. Got some of the dishes off the menu too which were good. Reasonably priced, certainly not cheap though. Portions on the small side though; i expected more. They take credit card, but for take out its only if ur order total $30 BEFORE tax, otherwise they insist you pay cash (which is not cool in my opnion; my order was $28, and $31 after tax, they insisted on cash). Its still a decent place though, but not as good as Congee queen, the gold standard in the congee space imho. I will go back for convenience only.
I ordered the pork hand with braised in coke and man was that thing good. I also had the beef brisket noodle soup and it wasn't the same as I'm use to but I'm sure that this is more authentic. This place does sell Stinky tofu if you are up for it. Great place but next time I need to bring a Taiwanese friend to help me some authentic dishes.
My go to lunch place. It's great for groups and has a variety of different dishes for everyone. They serve traditional Canton style cuisine with a twist. Some may have a Western style twist but this is definitely not fusion. Although I found the lunch specials portions getting smaller the overall experience is great. Friendly service and great food I can't complain
The ramen soup was very salty. The pork belly was a little tough compared to kinton and sansotei and didn't taste as fresh. However this place given the location near Richmond hill servers well.
The restaurant serves mainly wonton noodles. The noodles are amazing the soup is amazing and the wonton is amazing. I usually have the wonton and beef noodle soup with a side of vegetables. The hot chili oil sauce is very very spicy. I would recommend trying their homemade chili oil and heck if you like it you can buy it from the counter. The place follows traditional HK street style service where you serve yourself tea and take the bill up to the cashier to pay when you finish.This place is a must visit if you are ever in or passing by Richmond hill.
Richmond court restaurant does it all. A bakery located at the entrance butts up to the barbeque pork, duck and cha siu hanging in the glowing red light of the warmer. Drinks are made behind the counter and live lobster are kept in the aquarium under the television. The menu consist of the typical Cantonese style cuisine of a variety of fried rice, noodles and congee. However my favorite of them all are the baked chicken casserole on rice with tomato sauce or a cream sauce. The chicken they use is typically fried to give it a nice and crispy texture so it doesn't become soggy when the sauce is on top. This place has a huge selection of dishes like no other and the service is noticeably volume driven. I give this place a 3.5 star because a jack of all trades is a master of none.
Service is a bit slow and the drinks and food choices are satisfactory. The atmosphere seems a little aged to be a modern hang out place. It's still a good place to hang out with friends and play some card games. The staff don't seem to bother you for ordering a few drinks and staying for hours. There is fee wifi so I guess they do encourage you to stay awhile.
Food was great, I found this place after reading and article on Toronto life about some guy on chowhound that goes around and eats his way around town. This was one of his top restaurants he recommends around the Richmond Hill area. The place is typically packed during the weekend and parking is hard to find within the time square plaza. I actually been here a couple of years back but didn't have a great experience since I ordered the wrong type of dishes. I believe the style is Szechuan style so some dishes for me are a bit too potent with a strong spicy and Pepper finish on them. I had the Pork with garlic and Szechuan peppercorn sauce. It in the cold dish section of the menu. I highly recommend it with some dumplings to serve along side of it.
We have been there recently again.  I have to agree that their service was fast and courteous. I enjoyed their Pho the most, big portion for the 3 times we've visited.  Their roti and curries are A-OK.  I found roti too gressy.  I guess I am comparing against Restoran Malaysia (my fav).  But curries were above average thai places- big portions.
Extremely impress with their Dim Sum!!!  This will be my go to place for now when I crave Dim Sum!!!We were there week day around 1230PM.  Small lunch crowd.  Food arrival time was ok.  But all the Dim Sum were Hot and Fresh!!!  Must visit when you're up town!!!ps.  Before Dragon Boat, our go to was Shangri-La....Also, best steam egg yolk bun ...comparable to the best in Hong Kong!
Thanks for Yelpers' advise.  I checked out Inatei last Friday night.  Grilled Black Cod was indeed good.My hubby order the Daily picks with a variety of fresh fish, not bad for $33.  At least we don't have to travel far next time we want some unique sashimi.  Do stay away from their deep fried ice cream, not that great.
It's official.  We are hooked and will be back.We agree with fellow yelpers.  We love the following:1) Sake.  2oz special bottle.  Melon, papya favour.  Yummy.2) Ankimo.  Good recommandation.  Love the texture.  But be warn, strong fishy after taste.3) Kaki Age with Shrimp.  Vegetable and shrimp tempura.4) oh, we like their deep fry salted pasta snack....they gave us extra when we were waiting for more food to come, extremely friendly staff5) Mikazuki.  15 piece sashmi, 12 piece sushi and maki.  We were surprise to see scallop sashmi6) hamachi wara yaki.  We suspect they use charcol grill, smoky flavour stayed on the fish, love it.We were so full after, party of 2... $60 all in.  My huby order a beer as well.
Uh oh, I think we have to say good bye to ichiban fish house Richmondhill  :( We visited Akane last night (Sun), order love boat (like all Yelpers), and veggie tempura. Fish was FRESH, and good variety.  they didn't give you fake crab meat or surf clam as sashimi count.  Also, can't believe we get soup, salad and ice cream tooo...will try take out next time!!!
Brought 2 cakes here early Sept.(1) Black Forest (2) Lemon SomethingBoth were nice, I remember it being better..
Our usual PHO place since it is right nice to RH station - perfect place to catch our dinner after picking up my hubby.
We came for CNY dinner - food was not impressive yet it was sure $$$$$.  Made reservation, but they claim it was 'lost'.  Won't go back.
This is our regular place when we crave some RAW FISH.  Meidum Platter (half sushi and sashmi) ... Good value for your money!
Compare to other burger places in the neighborhood:  Five Guys, Harvey's, Hero etc.  I will rank this place equal to Hero.  But they really need to season the beef some more, I believe them when they say 100% real beef with no fillers.  Fries taste like was deep fried twice (left over from the previous day).
We were there on March 2011 (week night) and had a horriable experience.  We ordered Sea Bass, and it tasted off, advised the server.  Server bring the dish to the Chef and came back reporting Chef tasted the dish and there's nothing wrong with it.  We insisted we want to order something else.  The server offered bad service from this point on, ignoring us etc...That night wasn't even busy!!  At the end we go the bill, and they charge us Sea Bass that we didn't even eat, we asked to remove that from the bill and te server gave us a look and adjusted it....Worst customer expereience EVER!
My favourite Thai Resturant in Toronto.  Make sure you order their Larb!  Good spicy kick!  We've tried all their curry and it is our fav!!!
